Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Leo because he doesn't help out around the house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't understand her because she's speaking french.
Speaker1 and Alligator will see each other later.
Speaker2 passed his test yesterday. Speaker1 helped him prepare for it. Speaker2's finals are in two months. He will study a little bit at a time for the exam.
Speaker2 went to play tennis in the public park yesterday. He plays tennis twice a week. Speaker1 seldom plays tennis, he prefers football and basketball.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Janet chick. They both find her attractive.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what kind of music turns them on.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a dinner party for new professors at dean barksdale's home. The dinner starts at 8.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 need to know two things about the school. The school has three lunch periods and the kids are divided into three groups to go to lunch. When the school is dismissed in the afternoon, there will be two waves of students, because the school parking lot is not big enough.
Speaker1 wants to know what university Speaker2 wants to go to. Speaker2 went to Harvard.
Speaker2 is a smoker. Her husband smokes 20 or more cigarettes a day. She had her first cigarette when she was 17.
Speaker1 and Deborah are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn. They are inviting susan and frank to their house warming party this weekend.
Speaker1 is angry that Speaker2 didn't call him last night. He was rude to Speaker2 at lunch.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think the former champ lost the championship.
Speaker2 likes cooking. He got this hobby when he was 12 years old. He likes cooking by himself and trying new recipes with his friends. He invites Speaker1 to come and try some new recipes.
Speaker1 will beat you at tennis if you try.
Speaker1 is from south California and this is his first real winter in Taiwan.
Speaker1 broke his sister's mirror. He doesn't know how he can escape the punishment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the view from the window that Speaker1 sent them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to name the ship dolphin.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has been to New York. He got back yesterday. He will show Speaker1 some photographs.
Tom popped the question. Speaker2's parents want her to marry a Chinese man. She used to have the same problem when she was with her ex. She broke up with her Korean boyfriend because of cultural differences.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't watch a lot of TV.
Speaker2 is back at work after a 10-day holiday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the difference between cinematography and sound in movies.
Speaker2 has borrowed the books from Speaker1. He must return them within a month. He can come in and renew them if someone else has reserved them.
Speaker1's wife is going to divorce him because he has been having an affair with his secretary for two months.
Speaker1's uncle passed away last night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's wife works at home.
Speaker2's mother works in a company as an accountant. She's busy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like the dress, but it's too expensive.
Speaker1 doesn't like cheese because it tastes like cardboard.
Speaker1 had a quarrel with her husband and he didn't even try to cool her down.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a party. There are many hot girls at the party. Speaker1 is in love with the blond with the red dress. Speaker2 is nervous about talking to girls.
Two people were robbed last night near the park. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are afraid of the dark.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker1 has been busy studying for his school exams, which will begin next month. Speaker2's parents are both doing well. They are going shopping.
Speaker2 can't find the book he wants. Speaker1 will reserve a copy for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 describe the geography of Japan and France. Japan is made up of four large islands and many smaller islands located off the coast of the asian main lands. France is located in the western part of the european continent. The climate of Japan is warm and moist in the south, mild in the central part and cold in the north. rice is the main crop, but japan is also an industrial center. rice isn't grown in France.
Speaker2 is doing the crossword puzzle in the paper. He likes to play darts and play cards. His family used to play checkers and dominoes. He has never played mah - jong.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 and his daughter for dinner on Sunday at 6:30. Speaker2 was supposed to go to the opera with his daughter.
Speaker1 has to leave class early as he is not feeling well. He will attend the other section this week. Speaker1 will stay for a few more minutes.
Speaker2 likes to watch movies to relax and calm himself down. He likes comedies and dramas. He thinks a good movie has to bring you into the story.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that office software like windows is one of the best inventions in this information age. Speaker2 is a beginner in using excel. The latest office equipment combines fax, copy and printer in one machine.
Speaker1 describes her as pretty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at mel gibson. Speaker1 wants to ask for her autograph.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the reliability of financial newspapers, magazines and commentators and their reliability in checking facts.
Speaker2 has just started his training today and doesn't know how to use the machine. Speaker1 gives him some pointers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw a tv show about elderly people last night. It said that people with a positive attitude tend to live longer and happier.
Speaker1 wants to borrow a suit from Speaker1.
Little Bob has recovered after the operation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the effectiveness of the circular insert on their company's website as a marketing tool.
Speaker2 went to the doctor after work and the doctor told her she's pregnant. She bought all the books on having kids and classical music.
Speaker1's friend finally dumped her boyfriend and is going to abstain until she finds the right man to marry. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to dinner with her next Sunday evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met up after a long time. Speaker1's husband met her at the airport.
Speaker1 thinks that those guys work at the same company and go to the same bars.
Speaker1 wants his mom to talk about the philosophy of life with him.
Speaker1 is going on a cruise this summer. His brother won a free trip and he's taking him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a chemistry class together in high school. Speaker1 went straight to university after high school, but Speaker2 took a year off to go travelling. He got a grant to study chinese.
Speaker2 has been writing a blog for almost three years. He began blogging when he first went to the us for his graduate strides. He usually writes about his life on the campus and his pictures.
Speaker1's daily exercise schedule is to jog before breakfast, walk to work, do thirty minutes in the gym at lunch time and take the stairs. Three times a week, he can play tennis, play racketball or play hand ball.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 know that drinking beer helps them sing better after a few beers.
Speaker1 has been sneezing ever since he entered the office this morning. He has a headache and has a fever. He will call his doctor and have him go over.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went on their first date together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the olympic souvenir store in the gym after the volleyball match. They want to buy the Olympic mascots, especially huanhuan. The dolls are priced according to size.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at Speaker2's birthday party.
Speaker2 forgot to hand in the map of Africa, which should have been handed in last Thursday. His mother has been ill and he had to stay at home.
Speaker1 wants to know how Speaker2 chose courses when he was abroad. He should consult with a program adviser or an academic counselor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other since orientation three months ago. Speaker1 pledged phi iota alpha and he's living at the frat house now. Speaker2 is commuting to school by car. He dropped the metalworking class and joined the great outdoors club. He's considering pre-med.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to start a band together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the library to work on a research project. Speaker2 is going to English class.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing ice hockey in a community league. Speaker2 is a defender and Speaker1 is a goalie for the rockets.
Speaker1 has borrowed a portable cd player from a friend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema this evening to see the new blockbuster starring mel gibson and Julia Roberts. The movie starts at 8 pm.
Speaker1 has just finished his paper and wants to hand it in to his mom. Speaker2 will proofread it.
Speaker1 did poorly on the test. Speaker2 tries to cheer him up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met the smiths for a long time, because they have moved to Chicago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see 'The drunken beauty' next week. Speaker2 will book the tickets.
Speaker2 had a terrible quarrel with his neighbor yesterday.
Speaker1 is looking for his class in room number 261 in the c building.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised the ref didn't whistle.
Speaker2 didn't get the car he wanted, because someone had stolen it from him and bought it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching the first match of the world cup today. They are not fans of soccer.
Speaker2 has won the first prize in the math contest. She will have dinner with Speaker1 tomorrow evening.
Speaker1 wants to know what the guys are doing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the wedding of the bride and groom.
Speaker1 is interested in a new apartment near the taxing plaza, but the price is too high. He will pay 7500 yuan per square meter for the apartment with three bedrooms, a large living room and 80 square meters. If he pays a 25% down payment, he can move in at once.
Speaker1's friend is getting married on Saturday. Speaker2 bought a sewing machine for her as a wedding gift.
Speaker2 goes to watch sports games occasionally when there's a game near home, but usually watches it on tv.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss when children start school in their country. In their country, they start school at six. Before that, they spend several years in kindergarten or pre - school education center.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to talk about Australia. There are about twenty million people in Australia. The biggest city is Sydney, followed by Melbourne, then Brisbane, then Melbourne, and finally Perth. Speaker2 would like to live in Brisbane.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father is not well. He saw the doctor, but he refused to take the medicine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Richard was fired by their manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are admiring a ring that has been handed down in their family for three generations.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a new notebook.
Speaker1 is shivering because he is cold.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the way people use and treat animals. Speaker2 thinks most people treat their pets well, but they are often cruel to animals. They think people should stop eating animals, but some people would still hunt them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the weather for Speaker2's wedding.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 bought two tickets for the flight to Paris on a computer.
Speaker1 wants to wear his favourite robe for tonight's cocktail party. Speaker2 doesn't like it.
Speaker1 wants to know what university Speaker2 wants to go to. Speaker2 went to Harvard.