Speaker1 wants to have some more, but Speaker2 is on the diet.
Speaker1 had a part - time job in a pizza restaurant when he was still in school. Speaker2 didn't have a job then.
Speaker2 had high hopes for Nyu but didn't get in.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 play sports in China. Table tennis is the most popular one. Basketball and swimming are also popular. Speaker1 likes playing basketball.
Speaker1 invites Julia to a party that starts at midnight. Speaker2 would like to go, but his mother wants him to go home before 11:00 every night.
Speaker1 and Jordan are going to break up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at an art exhibition. They like the work of qi bakshi and are interested in Chinese painting.
Speaker2 is a soccer fan but he doesn't play. He watched every game of the 2002 world cup.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet up soon.
Julie and Alex are getting married. Alex's best man is organizing the bachelor party. Speaker1 and the other groomsmen are going to play drinking games, get him some gag gifts and have a good time.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 to his birthday party. He has a gift for him. Speaker2 likes it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing a game of football. They are trying to keep the ball away from rich and Taylor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been waiting for each other for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think modern painting is worth anything.
Speaker1's brother - in - law married Speaker2's sister ten years ago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's child still believes in Santa Claus.
Speaker1 wants to know why he's not at work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for John. John is in prison.
Speaker1 explains to Speaker2 the difference between espresso and cappuccino drinks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the history of their city.
Speaker2's boss has asked him to beef up in the work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about their competition, Sunburst, poaching their employees.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like their new history teacher.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think people still have faith in the government.
The weather forecast for today is cloudy in the morning and overcast in the afternoon.
Speaker2 didn't sleep last night. He's under a lot of pressure as his boss assigned him two projects.
Speaker1 will stand in for Speaker2 if he needs a cigarette.
Speaker1 is shocked by a police officer's outfit.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know if it's going to rain.
Speaker1 has passed the first two rounds of interview with abc company and will go to the final round next Monday. He will meet Speaker2 at the cafe down his office building at 5 pm this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like football best.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to figure out the time.
Speaker1 is tired of Speaker2's cut - and - dried opinions.
Speaker2 came to Speaker1's house to have a chat.
Speaker1 will come to you after you.
Speaker1 wants to know what's the beef with the lady.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the Romans and their lifestyle.
Speaker1 has been stressed lately because he doesn't know where to go for college and what to major in. He wants to get scholarships to help him pay for the tuition and take the burden off his family. Speaker2 thinks it's more important to make money than to enjoy his work. Speaker1 suggests he should focus on what the teacher said in class.
Speaker2's girlfriend just dumped him. She was cheating on him with an ugly guy. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go for a drink in town.
Speaker2 likes music with a fast beat and is lively. He likes classical music. He listens to mozart or bach in the evening after a hard day at work. Classical music is supposed to be good for the brain.
Speaker1 wants to know how to shoot pool. Speaker2 explains him the basics.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go swimming at the beach. Speaker1 will wear her new pink bikini.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see 7:30 pm movie tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's flight to Rome is delayed. They will wait in the lounge.
Speaker1 is surprised by the packed room.
Speaker2 is upset about the job with the pr company. His mother won't allow him to accept any part - time job. Speaker2 will talk to his mother.
Speaker2 didn't want to go out last weekend so he stayed at home and watched a movie. He was tired after working all week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet in a minute, because Speaker2 has a meeting.
Speaker1's computer has caught a virus. He opened an attachment with a picture of George W. Bush in women's clothes. Speaker2 likes it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to make a bet on who will be elected president.
Speaker2 works in a publishing house. His work is hard, but interesting.
Speaker1 wants to buy that candy. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to use a vending machine.
Speaker1 was giving out nametags and saw Femi inside. It brought back memories of prom night.
Harry was angry last night. It's the first time he's directed a play and he's getting nervous.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a lovely day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a company retreat in the mountains in April. They will take a survey to find out how it works for everyone.
Speaker2 didn't go to Mei's party on Saturday. He stayed at home with his family and they watched TV and films.
Speaker1 has just moved here and wants to activate his cell phone. His phone can't be used in the us, because it's not compatible with 3g network. Speaker2 will give him a blackberry curve for free if he signs up for a three - year contract.
Speaker2 didn't go for a picnic as it was raining too much. He washed his car instead. He watched the football on Sunday.
Speaker1 wants to teach his 78-year-old friend how to read. Speaker2 will start with reading.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to the movie yesterday. Speaker1 thinks the film is the worst one he has ever seen.
Speaker2 used to be an atheist, but in recent months he found out that horoscope predictions are increasingly accurate. He found a website which sends him an e - mail each day forecasting his experience in detail. Yesterday, he had an unusual experience in food and drink. Last night, he was invited to a dinner party by Lee.
Speaker1 can't wait to retire and move to Florida to play golf.
Speaker2 is in a hurry to learn it. Speaker1 tells him to do it step by step.
Speaker2 goes to bed at ten and gets up at six.
Speaker2 will soon graduate from his university. He wants to go to graduate school and find a job. He doesn't know his career path.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the international weather report with mike sanderson.
Speaker2's favourite hobby is reading literature and economy. In his spare time he likes to play golf, play badminton or crack jokes. He would like to see movies.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the gym tonight. Speaker2 will join them.
Speaker1 didn't enjoy yesterday's party. John was supposed to be her date, but he stood her up. She waited for a full hour in the cold wind.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will be late for the 9:30 train.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at houses for sale. Speaker2 is not buying a house yet, but he would like to see what is available. Speaker1 is organizing a barbecue next week.
Speaker1 can't come to the party.
Speaker1 has left his disk at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are shocked that suit wrote them a letter. She got a master degree and is going for her doctor's degree.
John and Speaker2 went to Australia and New Zealand for vacation. They went bungee jumping. They jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't listen to the weather forecast.
Speaker1 will never forget Linda, as she was his first lover.
Speaker2 has just come back from Edinburgh, Scotland, where he was on business. He enjoyed it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. They are meeting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw Bill's grandma walking around the same track yesterday.
Speaker2 is going to work with his father at the store in the city after he returns from washington. He will read books and go to the beach with his family on the weekends. Speaker1 will go to camp for the summer. John is probably going to the mountains with his parents.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't find the lecture interesting and dull.
Speaker2 is fed up with his house guest. Leo used to be his best friend in college.
Speaker1 has to take biology, chemistry, maps and physics if he wants to graduated this year. He's weak in maps.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 got a 50 thousand dollar ticket for construction workers peeing off the roof. The electrician is not here today because he hit a deer. Patricia got engaged.
Speaker1's grandma is trimming the trees.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a barbecue. Speaker1 is studying medicine at Harvard. Speaker2 is an engineer at IBM.
Speaker1's boss has been giving him a lot to do at work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the television and its usefulness.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss Speaker2's bowling style.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to visit the university museum. They will go to a coffee shop in the city centre and have a drink. Speaker1 will have a hot chocolate.
Speaker1 wants to go to the store to buy some drinks, but he can't because parking is not allowed here. There is a square in front of them and Speaker2 can park the car there.
Speaker1 likes your new car very much.
Speaker1 had to watch a football game and didn't do his homework. He will make it up next week.
Mark often comes to Speaker1 for advice and asks for advice. He may have a crush on Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are showing their uncle, Charles, who is a captain.
Speaker1 is going to enter a singing contest in 5 days. The winner will get a panda radio.
Speaker1 will call Speaker2 when a computer is free. Speaker2 will use the computer on the back of his library card.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering why people are crying. It's tomb sweeping day today in China.
