Speaker1 started a part - time job at a coffeehouse three days ago. He is going to be a volunteer in the 2008 olympics and wants to improve his oral english.
Tom is sick with the flu this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think the state will benefit from the taxing increases.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing whether they should replace miss smith as the music teacher in the school.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the swimming pool in the gymnasium after their classes.
Speaker2 broke up with a girl because she didn't understand that he loved her.
Speaker1 is bankrupt and has no money.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the matter under the rose.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to go now, but it's still early.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw ally mabel last night and found it funny.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are interested in Speaker2's experience as a businessman in a foreign country.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a workout in 10 minutes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have an accident if Speaker2 doesn't stop shouting.
Speaker2 grows a variety of things in his garden to have something in bloom all year round.
Speaker1's company has lost a few of its staff lately because of the low salaries.
Speaker1 was right and it's raining again.
Speaker2 failed his mid - term exam at school today. He didn't study for it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen Harry. Harry was supposed to be back from Lisbon.
Jessica is going back to Holland next week. Speaker1 will get her an ever - green plant to take back home as a parting gift.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go hunting with Randy this weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what day it is today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have some granola for breakfast. They will take down their tent and pack everything into the canoe by 6. Speaker2 and Speaker1 will go for a swim around 10.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sitting down. It's a beautiful day, but it's also very hot in Speaker2's country.
Speaker2 buys the Sunday edition of the newspaper every day. It has several sections and takes him a few hours to read.
Tom and Helen got married last. Speaker1 was invited to attend their wedding.
Speaker1 was late for the meeting today because he got stuck in traffic.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go together, but Speaker1 has to stop and get gas in the car.
Speaker2 is going to the hospital. Professor Wang was hurt in a traffic accident.
Ellie and her friends are singing " happy birthday" to Speaker2's ten-year-old niece. It's Speaker1's birthday today. Speaker2 will come to his birthday party tonight at 6 pm.
Speaker1 and his fiance are getting married some time next year. They want to go to disneyworld for their honeymoon. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will talk to their fiance tonight.
Speaker1 sent Tom some coffee and some sugar.
Speaker1 tells Speaker2 to take it easy. Speaker2 is angry.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think it's difficult for old people to do away with old ideas.
Speaker2 had a great vacation. He traveled the three gorges by boat. The boat floated down the river.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play a game of touch football.
Speaker1 will think over Speaker2's advice on studying in the United States.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 to his birthday party. He has a gift for him. Speaker2 likes it.
Speaker1: Tom set the whole country by the ears with his discovery.
Speaker2's parents are enjoying their retirement. Speaker1 is going to a football match.
Speaker2 is under a lot of pressure. He didn't sleep last night. His boss assigned him three projects and he still hasn't finished them.
Speaker2's girlfriend is playing the army game with her ex - boyfriend.
Speaker1 is mad at William and wants to talk to his friend, Speaker2.
There is a new manager in Speaker1's department. Speaker1 hoped to get the job, but he didn't get it, because he is the wrong sex. He is a woman. He will have to think about his clothes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the wedding of Speaker1's friend next week. Speaker2 has already bought them a present.
Speaker1 is angry that Speaker2 didn't tell him he had a girlfriend and that he is going to marry her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in love with the girl under the tree.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are tired because their company has been holding too many training sessions lately. They have to participate in training after work and during the weekend.
Mike had too much to drink and got into some trouble last night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the theater tomorrow to see a matinee and evening.
Speaker2 went to the doctor because he hasn't been feeling well. He has a cough and a cold.
Speaker1 has to go to bed, because he has to work tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will try to meet again.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been in touch for a long time. Speaker1 has just returned from Hawaii.
Speaker1 has been chosen to plan the next family reunion. The reunion usually lasts at least five days and four nights.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think Tony is to blame for the accident.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the natural history museum together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 find Jean's figure and eyes beautiful.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want the camera to take a picture of them with it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to answer the text in English.
Speaker1 wants to buy a ten speed sportsman for three hundred dollars from his daddy.
Speaker1 wants to learn how to play golf. He will buy a set of seven - piece set for $ 120 from Tom.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 listen to a lot of hip hop.
Speaker1 is listening to beethoven's music. Speaker2 listens to classical music. When he was 10 years old, he started playing the piano.
Speaker2 lives in haitian district, where there are a lot of universities.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 enjoyed the movie on the golden pond.
Speaker2 went to play tennis yesterday in the public park. He plays tennis twice a week. Speaker1 seldom plays tennis and prefers football and basketball. He usually plays with his schoolmates. He went to the sports center last Sunday to watch a football match.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like to go to the movies.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching classic movies.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are taking a shower because of the thunderstorm today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the weather in Beijing.
Speaker2 has a problem with his work and is depressed.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't mind the fact that the government takes a lot of their paycheck. The only tax they mind is social security, which is only a few dollars every paycheck. They will have a monthly check when they get old.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to hear a country and western singer tonight. Speaker1 will pick Speaker2 up around 8:00.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a basketball game tomorrow evening. Yao ming, Speaker1's idol, will be playing for the Rockets.
Speaker1 thinks that he is in love with Mary.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have dinner in a Chinese restaurant.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's test score should be higher. Speaker1 thinks an answer got marked wrong. Speaker2 checks the answer sheet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are grateful for what the doctor did to Speaker1's son.
Speaker1 wants to ask bob to help him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are from guangzhou.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are getting married on the plane in the year 2000.
Speaker1 would like to introduce Speaker2 to his friend, dou.
Speaker2 likes almost all kinds of sports and listening to classical music in his spare time. His favourite author is Dickens. He also likes listening to Beethoven's works.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't see anything wrong with what they are doing.
Speaker1 bought a brick on the sidewalk from a guy who was selling new panasonic video camera boxes for twenty dollars. He had three new boxes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to sit in the back of the room.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for ages. Speaker1 has been out of town.
The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half. The Russian team needs to tie the ukraine to get the pass for the final.
Speaker1 went shopping without an umbrella yesterday morning. He got cold in the rain in the afternoon when it was raining cats and dogs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Rachel has decided to quit smoking and drink coffee for the baby.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the autumn and winter.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the part of the old man is the best one.
Speaker2 wants to return the article she bought for her husband last Saturday.
Speaker1 is a doctor and Speaker2 is a teacher at a high school in New Jersey.
Speaker1 had his back to the wall a few times, but generally they are a good thing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the result of the game.
Speaker2 is over 1 hour late for the bus. He missed several buses and lost his wallet. He found it again.
Speaker1 is very cold tonight. Speaker2 will get Speaker1 another blanket.
Speaker1 has 7 appointments in Paris, 4 in Frankfurt at the end of the week. He has a flight to Paris on Sunday evening and a hotel in Paris for 3 nights. He needs to be in Frankfurt by 11 on Thursday morning. He will be back home on Friday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a picnic in the park on Sunday.
Speaker1 wants to apply for a library card. Speaker2 will give him 10 yuan and a photo of him. The card is free, but he must pay a deposit.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 hate rainy days. Speaker1 has to drive to Washington DC tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are admiring Diana and Jerry for achieving high scores at school. Jerry's iq score is slightly above average.
Speaker1 is humiliated because he made three people fall over.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are unsure about the government clamping down on new policy.
Ellen sent Speaker1 and Speaker2 a photo she took.
Speaker1's bus was stolen by a thief on the bus today.
Speaker1 would like to smoke.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are frustrated with the fluctuation of the dollar. Speaker2 has less money than Speaker1. Speaker1 has followed the euro's progress over the last quarter and thinks it's about time to buy in.
Speaker1 wants Mary to stop tapping her pen on her desk and slurping her coffee every time she has a cup. She also wants her to stop shouting and talking on the phone.
Speaker1 wants to marry Amy, but he's not ready for marriage yet.
Speaker1 and Melissa are going to the conference. They will pick up Mr. Campbell at his hotel and then go to theconference. Speaker1 got married. They were going to get married next year, but they had to postpone because of the cost.
Speaker1 is from Russia and Speaker2 is from Japan. They both agree that English is a difficult language.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are getting a divorce. They have accepted the alimony proposal, the division of property and the custody agreement. Speaker2 will keep the gramophone and the silver tea set. They will also keep the old photographs.
Speaker2 takes a cold shower in the morning and takes a hot one in the afternoon. He shaves every workday and at weekends. He brushes his teeth twice a day.
Speaker1 invites Speaker2 to come to his house for Thanksgiving dinner.
Speaker1 has heard the news and wants to know if anyone heard it.
Speaker2 bought a new house in the northern suburbs the same day it came on the market. It has three bedrooms and three beds, a living room with a twelve - foot ceiling and a two - car garage. Speaker1 will buy a house at the end of this year, just before his wedding.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the sports that are popular in their country.
Speaker2 is going on her first date on Friday night. She will borrow Speaker1's black coat.
Speaker1 bought Speaker2's vintage clock for sixty - five dollars at a flea market.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a great weekend at the beach. They want to go there more often.
Speaker2's first day of class was ok, but no one in his class speaks English, so he will have to converse in Chinese. There are a lot of international students in Speaker2's class. Everyone in the class is from Asia except Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a workout in 10 minutes.
Speaker1 has to run, he has to go.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know how to play go.
Speaker1 wants to have some more chicken.
Speaker1's sister was hit by a car yesterday and was taken to the hospital. Speaker2 will buy some flowers and visit her.
Speaker1 is frustrated because he can't work out a problem.
Last night Speaker2 met a great guy at the bar and they are going to meet again tonight. They have a lot in common, like the same team, music, and Chinese food.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet the investors at the restaurant at twelve for lunch. Speaker1 will order a table for half - past twelve. They will have a full - course meal for twelve.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the concert this evening. Speaker2 can't join them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss who is the better typist, Mary or Jones.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 both liked the film. Speaker1 thought it was disappointing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's mother - in - law is driving them up the wall. They sat her down and told her how they felt about her constant criticizing.
Speaker1 will borrow one of the magazines from Peter.
Speaker1 informs the class that they have an outing today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will not show their new shirts to Speaker2.
Tom's sister Jenny is crying. Speaker1 is coming for Speaker2.
Speaker2 has a family tree that goes back about 8 generations. He has 30 cousins on his mom's side and 10 on his dad's side. He doesn't spend as much time with his younger cousins as he used to. His mother is the head of the household and she is the matriarch of the family.
Speaker2 brought a new laptop to a cafe last week. He is surfing on the internet in the cafe. There are only about 10 or 12 places in the city that offer a wireless internet connection. Speaker2 has a lot of programs on his laptop, including ones for word processing and editing photographs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to know where their parents should sit in the church during their wedding ceremony.
Speaker1 is from south California and this is his first real winter in Taiwan.
Speaker1 was on the school team for the long jump, 100 and 200 meter sprints, the javelin, the hurdles, the discus and the dong jump. He was regional champion for the 100 and the 200 meters, but he couldn't compete with kids from other schools in the jaVELin.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 both feel pity for the old man.
Speaker1 wants to enroll in the course in business management. The next beginning class starts on October 25th. The course lasts for 9 months and costs 125 dollars a month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet their American friends tonight.
Speaker2's flight was three hours late because of bad turbulence. He landed in southampton and waited an hour for the storms to pass.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that smoking is bad for your health. Speaker2 has tried to give up smoking several times, but it doesn't work for him.
Jim and Speaker2 are bosom friends but Speaker1 doesn't believe it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see "Final Destination 3" at the campus cinema tomorrow. Speaker1 loves horror movies. Speaker2 won't go with Speaker1.
May hasn't got in to the university yet, but she's thinking about it. She likes Chinese literature and economics. She once attended Lisa's class.
Speaker1 wants to invite Speaker2 to a christmas party at his house, but Speaker2 is not a Christian, he is Jewish.
Tom is sick of Jenny's brother, but he likes Jenny. Tom loves Jenny.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like Speaker2's new skirt.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner with each other tomorrow at 6 pm at the Korean restaurant next to the Italian restaurant on 5th street.
Speaker1 wants Wang Mei to have a look at her new dress. She bought it in a store near her school for thirty yuan.
Speaker1 doesn't know when it's her birthday.
Speaker2 has a lot of credits to pick up this year. He is majoring in french literature. He has to take a class on 18th century poetry. He had to write a paper 100 pages long last week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to watch the start of the olympic games.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the climate of the United States. San Diego is always warm. Seattle, Washington and Portland, Oregon are hot all year. Boston and Chicago are cold.
Speaker1 wonders what is wrong with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't believe the speech the man delivered just now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are friends of Janet and Noirin.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a Christmas party at Speaker1's house. Speaker2 is not a Christian, he is Jewish.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go shopping for sportshoes this weekend.
Speaker2 wants to buy a new digital camcorder for his trip this summer. He will buy the newest sony model.
Speaker1 has an appointment at six. Speaker2 will drop in at any time.
Professor Wang looks handsome in a light brown suit and a pink tie today. He always wears a suit with a tie.
Speaker1 doesn't understand why Speaker2 always looks happy all the time. Speaker2 explains it's because he always exercises.
Speaker1 sends Speaker2 a picture of mom in her cap and gown when she got her master's degree from Miami university. Speaker1 will have a copy of it made for Speaker2. Speaker2 doesn't want a print, he wants a slide.
Speaker2 believes the world is improving every year and that science is making us wiser. Speaker1 disagrees.
Speaker1 and John are going to get married next Saturday. Linda and Speaker2 will come to the wedding.
Speaker1 wants to know how many passengers are there on the ship.
Speaker1 didn't come to class last week because he wasn't feeling well. Speaker2 sent him last week's notes.
Speaker2 has just finished reading a novel. He likes the plot and the main character.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that dalian is a beautiful city.
Speaker1 cancels the reservation for the party tonight and asks Speaker2 to reschedule it for another night.
Speaker2 took over the position of his old boss after he was demoted and then resigned.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sending flowers to their mother for Mother's Day.
Speaker1 will not get Speaker2 some more fish. Speaker2 has had enough.
Speaker1 is looking for information about home stay. Speaker2 has been in a host home before.
Stephanie has a new job as a math teacher at Lincoln high school. The salary is low but the students are nice. Speaker1 is an air traffic controller now.
Speaker2 failed his oral test because he's not practicing enough.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the bank. Speaker1 has a problem with his bank statement. Speaker2 needs to withdraw some money and exchange some money. They also need to check if Speaker2's salary has been paid into the bank account.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the psychology columns on the page.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will start eating better. Speaker1 will start drinking and having home cooked meals.
Speaker1 wants to see Speaker2's parents this weekend, but they are too busy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the concert this evening. Speaker2 can't join them.
Speaker1 is making a federal case out of his coworker's love affair. Speaker2 is in the museum.
Speaker2 went to the saikei ski resort for the weekend. He enjoyed it, though he had the most falls in his skiing team. The top - level coaches from the state sports general administration teach him how to ski.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about how they got into pop music.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a drive in Speaker2's new car.
Speaker2 had a terrible quarrel with his neighbor yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the various services offered by the post office.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the current fashion trends and Speaker1's dress.
Speaker1 will call Speaker2 to borrow a book from another library and contact him when it arrives.
Jenny is going to marry another man next month. Speaker2 is calm about it.
Speaker2 shocked everyone at the party last night with her performance. She was part of a band in school. She doesn't dress like that at work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the school party on Saturday. The party starts at 8. Everyone from school is going to be there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at the beach. They are going to set up an umbrella and set up a sandcastle. The kids will play in the shallow area.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish it would stay this way for the weekend.
Speaker1 and Cathy broke up because of Cathy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were supposed to meet, but he didn't come. There might have been a subway accident and a train got trapped underground with him inside.
Speaker1 went bungee jumping yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 both feel pity for the old man.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish their mother a happy mother's day and send her some gifts.
Speaker2 needs to go to the ladies' room. ms will give him a hall pass for it.
Speaker2 is going to New York to visit his sister who is in art school. He's a little scared of the city, because a lot of people have guns there. He wants to see the museums and shop.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the idea of getting a tattoo on a fish.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the company's Christmas party.
Speaker2 has a crush on a boy she met on msn. He told her she is his dream girl.
Speaker1 doesn't have enough evidence for prosecuting him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried that he might drive Speaker1 up a wall.
Speaker1 would like to run his own farm. His uncle owns a farm and he has spent time working with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to andy's party. Speaker2 will get back the sweater and black leather boots from Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about the sandstorm tomorrow.
The mayor and high officials practice cronyism and a large number of people who are good at nothing occupy important positions.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to make a bet to make the game more interesting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like orange better.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that he has a new girlfriend.
Speaker1 wants to water the flowers, but Speaker2 doesn't want to. It's going to rain soon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner together tonight at about 6:00.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in a room with a lovely view of the city. The bell is on the bedside. There is a socket for Speaker1's razor by the basin.
Speaker1 wants to buy a gift for his father's birthday tomorrow. Speaker2 will go with him to choose a gift.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are saying hello to Mary and Brian.
Speaker1 wants to know why he goes fishing so often.
Speaker2 likes to study English because it gives him great satisfaction.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the cinema tomorrow evening. There will also be a party held by the students' union tomorrow night. Speaker2 can't go with them, because she has to go to English corner tomorrow evening to improve her english. Speaker1 will go with her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss lying to people who trust them even if it's for their good.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the advantages and disadvantages of living in the country. Speaker1 hates the noise in the city, but loves being around people. Speaker2 would like to live in a village.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are thanking Zina for putting them on the map so fast.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to jump off a building. Speaker1 is scared.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to go shopping today.
Bobby and his wife, evelyn, are going to have a baby on Speaker1's birthday. They are expecting a boy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to give a meaningful gift for their family this Christmas.
Speaker1's mother heard a tornado warning on the radio. A tornado has been spotted in southern Wisconsin. Speaker1 called his friend's house to warn them about it.
Speaker1 bought a brick on the sidewalk from a guy who was selling new panasonic video camera boxes for twenty dollars. He had three new boxes.
Speaker1 wants to encourage people to give it a try.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met. susan heywood's name is Susan Heywood.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw Bill's grandma walking around the same track yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a high opinion of him, but Speaker2 thinks he is a sly dog.
Speaker1 is going to celebrate his birthday with his friends in a night club this year.
Speaker2 met the girl living under him today. He is in a relationship with her. Other american guys have also fallen for her. He will call her and invite her to dinner.
Speaker1 is feeling better these days and will be back next Wednesday.
Speaker2 has a fever, jetlag and flu. He has an important meeting to go to today. He will stay at home this morning and rest, but if he feels better in the afternoon, he will go to the meeting.
Speaker1 is going to create his own company. He will write a business plan and get some investors.
Speaker1's name is candy brown. Speaker2 is from New Orleans. Speaker1 was born in New Orleans and he has a phone number for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will not meet for lunch this Saturday. Speaker2 is busy at the children's hospital and won't be able to meet.
Speaker1 wants to know how is Tom now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch Barbie. Speaker2's favorite weather is hot.
Speaker2's brother did it to Speaker1's face.
Speaker1's company is selecting three employees to attend the marketing seminar next month. Speaker2 doesn't want to go as he finds seminars boring and useless. The seminar is going to be held in Hawaii.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the concert by bike. Speaker2's father gave him a new 10 speed cycling mountain bike for his birthday. The brakes on the bike are sticky, so Speaker1 will fix them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have summer vacation this weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch "Indy Five hundred" on tv this weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play golf tomorrow morning. Speaker1 will teach Speaker2 to play. Speaker2 will take his golf club.
Speaker1 has a large family with three older sisters, his twin sister, a younger brother and parents. Speaker2 has a small family with his mom, step - brother, his step - dad and himself. His biological father died when he was just a baby. He doesn't know much about his biological father.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are excited about Zina's new programmers. They are confident that they will make the deadline for the new project.
Speaker2 likes playing chess. He doesn't have any other hobbies. He likes basketball.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the New Year's concert of the Vienna Philharmonic. Speaker2 went to the concert in 2010.
Speaker1 has been assigned to work with Jerry for their group project.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know where to get the information.
Peter and Mary broke up.
Speaker2 spent the morning at the cemetery and put flowers on the graves of his old war buddies.
Speaker1 is thinking about applying for the new position. He is unsure if he would like the job. He will take a slight pay decrease.
He locked himself in the room. He has the key in his hand through the window.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to set 1000 dollars aside each month to buy their own house each month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are coming back to the classroom after the break.
Speaker2 has been studying at the campus for three years. He is disappointed with the old campus.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a house. Speaker1 loves it, but he can't open the door.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a dance club tonight. Speaker2 won't be able to go home for the holidays.
Speaker1 has to go, so he has to excuse himself.
Bob is not coming. Speaker2 will call him on his mobile.
Joe hasn't eaten for days, because she's in love with her brother, Jack.
Speaker2 took ski lessons last year. He loves skiing. Speaker1 doesn't want to learn to ski, because he knows he would break his leg.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering if Lucy has it bad for Speaker2 and if she loves him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner together tonight at seven o'clock. Speaker2 might come early to help Speaker1 prepare the dinner.
Speaker1 is leaving for Washington tomorrow morning at 9:15. Speaker2 will come and see him off.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are congratulating Bob on winning the match.
Speaker2 will probably get a pair of new shoes for his birthday from his parents. Speaker1 suggests he should ask them to buy him a pc.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a good time on the vacation. They will miss each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning to visit Xi 'An. Speaker1 wants to see the old walls and terra - cotta warriors. Speaker2 has been there several times on business trips, but hasn't seen the Terra - Cotta Warriors.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a house. Speaker1 loves it, but he can't open the door.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 need to apply for the financial aid.
Bean sent dirty jokes to Speaker1 and Speaker2. He asked for Speaker1's address.
Speaker2 can speak English very well. He lived in England as a child.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are coming to England on Sunday. It will be raining when they arrive. The bank will be closed.
Speaker2 wants to return the video and check out the magazine. He is not allowed to do that.
Speaker1 wants to know if Speaker2 is married or not. Speaker2 got a divorce and is single.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a tailgate party before the game. Speaker2 will come to the party at 5 pm.
Speaker1 wishes happy birthday to you.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch a drama called Soul Food on Bet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't like the play they saw.
Speaker1 thinks it should rain tomorrow.
Speaker2 is going to hainan for the weekend. It's his second visit there, he was there last October.
Speaker1 will help Speaker2 with his coat and they will go to the dance together.
The sun is shining, but there are some mare's tails that are the sign of wind.
Speaker1 doesn't know what day it is today.
Speaker2 is taking an intercontinental flight today. He wants to check three bags of twenty kilograms each. He will have to pay six hundred and twenty - five dollars for the additional suitcase.
Speaker2 has a new boss. She's a bit bossy, but he didn't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down. The new co - workers are easy - going. Speaker2 misses his old workplace. He likes working in teams.
Speaker2 has been to the moon twice and orbited space around the earth many times. He enjoyed the view of the earth as he left it. There were a lot of talks during the Bush administration about a mars mission, but it seemed to fizzle out. He hopes the shuttle mission will reignite the public's passion for space.
Speaker1 got an offer in his e - mail. He has to first send some money to the person who sent him the letter. After that, he will be told how to earn more money.
Speaker2 wants to book a table for eight people for eight o'clock tonight. The restaurant is fully booked.
Speaker1 will be late. Speaker2 will drive Speaker1 downtown.
Jim was late again.
Speaker1 wants to enroll in the course in business management. The next beginning class starts on October 25th. The course lasts for 9 months and costs 125 dollars a month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a grill party in the park tomorrow. They need to buy buns for the hot dogs and hamburgers and potato salad.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have to excuse themselves for a moment.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to stop running around in front of the tv. Speaker2 can't stand the bald man talking too loudly in the program.
Speaker1 is going to see Mr. Brown for a chat. Mr. Green is out on business.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the weather in their hometown.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are dancing to the music. Speaker1 invites Speaker2 for the next dance. Speaker2 is not much of a dancer, but he loves waltz and tango.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a trip to the seashore. They like sailing, swimming, windsurfing, fishing and staying at the beach.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are spending the weekend in a country house.
Speaker1 is leaving on November 10th. It's Monday, October 27th.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new baby. It's Speaker2's first grandchild and his first nephew.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't tell Bob and Tom apart.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the rise of the hand - supported scooter and its popularity.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Nancy for not going to the park with them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complimenting on Speaker2's tie and sweater.
There is a lot of snow in the region at this time of the year. Speaker1 and Speaker2 like it.
Speaker1 has lost 4 kilos and has changed his eating habits.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father is 90 years old and lives alone in a big house. He doesn't like to ask anyone for help. Speaker1's grandmother was stubbornly independent.
There are nine planets in the solar system. Pluto is not a planet anymore, because it's too small.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sitting down. It's a beautiful day, but it's also very hot in Speaker2's country.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to hire a boat and go for a ride on the beach. Speaker2 is going swimming.
The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half. The Russian team needs to tie the ukraine to get the pass for the final.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are disappointed with the way he advised them to change to a more suitable course.
Speaker1's bid on the buddha is still the highest and so is Speaker2's stamp.
Speaker1 has a new boss. He has dark hair and brown eyes, and he has a white sports car.
Speaker1 asks you to write down your name in ink.
Speaker2 has been having a lot of mood swings lately, probably due to the pills his doctor prescribed.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are celebrating their first anniversary. The band is playing their song.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at the beach with their kids. They are going to set up a camp and play in the water.
Speaker1 will see Speaker2 off at the airport at 12:30 p.m. tomorrow to pick him up from the airport. Speaker2 is going to America on Pan American Airlines flight 282.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet.
Speaker1 is considering applying for a public school or a private school.
Speaker1's friend Jenny's last name is Jenny. Jenny's eyes are blue and her hair is brown.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the results of the last year's sales review. The company has finally started making money again after a two-year slump. The growth this year has been phenomenal and the company has captured 8% of the market, up from last year by 120%.
Speaker1 loves slim girls and fat girls. Speaker2 likes fat girls but likes a girl with good manners.
Speaker2 doesn't go to parties. He goes to barbecues at his house.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to have a talk with him, but he refuses.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are waiting in line for the check-in. They are wondering where the tabloids get their crazy stories.
Speaker1's and Speaker2's favourite kind of music is country music.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are confused about diet options. Speaker1 will join a fitness club instead of going to a weight loss center.
Lisa won the first prize in the english speech contest of her college. Speaker1 always feels disappointed with his english learning and his writing.
Speaker2 spent the weekend at the beach with his parents. He jogged up and down the beach and played volleyball. The water was too cold for him to swim.
Speaker1 is Mike and Speaker2 is Nancy. They are both from Shanghai.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to hurry up as time is running out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the low crime rate in their cities.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about girls' looks after sophomore year.
Speaker1 is going to Japan for vacation this year. Speaker2 has never been to America.
Speaker1's son closed his ear to what he was saying.
Speaker1 doesn't know the date of today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are excited about a new mexican restaurant opening up next month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a walk in the park.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't watch the situation comedies that are aired every weekend.
Speaker1 has been working at the economist as a proof - reader. The editor - in - chief asked him if he was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him. Speaker1 will be in charge of the literary criticism column until the columnist goes on pregnancy leave. His column will be shared with another columnist and will be due fortnightly. Speaker2 will get a free copy of the magazine.
Speaker1 got two tickets for the movie at the tenth row.
Speaker2 was born in Beijing, but he spent most of his childhood in London. His parents taught at universities. He graduated from the university of Newcastle upon Tyne with a degree in cross culture communication. He started working at a university in London, but as time went by he found he didn't like his job and decided to explore other fields. Now he is a journalist.
Speaker1 has to take biology, chemistry, maps and physics if he wants to graduated this year. He's weak in maps.
Speaker1 can't wait until his car is repaired so he can commute to work by public transportation. The subway was packed this morning. Speaker2 rides his bike to work.
Speaker1 got laid off. Speaker2 is sorry about it.
Speaker2 was on a trip to Paris. He went to the top of the eiffel tower, art galleries, cathedrals, statues, fountains, palaces and bistros. He felt sick on the third day of traveling in the city, but it passed by the evening. On the fourth day, he tried french cuisine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a concert last weekend. Speaker1 enjoyed it.
Speaker2 has been living in China for a few months. He's not sure about living there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet on Sunday to discuss a language - exchange program where Speaker1 teaches Speaker2 Chinese and he teaches him English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like classical music. Speaker2's favourite opera stars are Pavarotti, domingo and carreras. Speaker1 went to the live New Year's concert in 2005. The conductor was Lorin Maazel.
There was a birthday party for david last night. Jill didn't come to work today. Mark had a hangover. Bill's wife had a baby girl last night and he passed out cigars to everyone.
Speaker1 will buy a bottle of soft drink for Speaker2 in the shop. Speaker2 will go there himself.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a fantastic time on their trip to America.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the history of their city.
Speaker2 will pay $ 5 for the damage he did to Speaker1's book.
Speaker1 wants to meet with his hero.
Speaker1 has to give a speech in class today. He forgot about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the ' i love you' virus.
Speaker1 got very excited about the film and sent it to Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that Dalian is a beautiful city.
Speaker1 is sorry that he hurt Ben's feelings.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't believe that harry is a hen - pecked husband.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a sixties party next week. Speaker2 will come dressed in anything from the sixties. He will bring some music from that period.
Speaker1 doesn't want to talk to Speaker2 anymore.
John seems to be in high cotton. Speaker1 and Speaker2 think he will become a big shot.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the Da Vinci code and global warming.
Speaker1's unit is participating in a fundraiser at the beach by the pier this weekend. He will borrow a van from the garage and bring it back on Sunday evening. They will use the chairs from the lunchroom.
Speaker2's family consists of 15 people: his father, mum, dad, three unmarried aunts, two uncles, his two brothers, his three sisters and himself. They live in rural Korea near pusan. The first floor of the house is a part - time private school. The students read 800 easy storybooks during their second year of studying english.
Speaker2 got an overall score of eight on his belts exam. He got a conditional offer from the university. He is waiting until he gets admitted to the university to apply for a visa.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like him because he's not a kind man.
Jack borrowed a large sum of money from Speaker1 and didn't pay him back.
Today is December 23, 2002. The day after Christmas is christmas.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other happy new year and wish Steven a happy New Year.
Speaker2 is looking for a new job. He studied mathematics at college and now he has a job working for a plumbing company.
Speaker1 doesn't know what to get his mom for Christmas. He got her a ring that was two sizes too small last year.
There will be a parade to celebrate national day this weekend. The route is from Zhongshan circus to City Bank.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see "European movie" this weekend.
Sally hasn't found a new job yet, but she's seen several interesting advertisements in the paper. She's looking for a job in the hotel business or something to do with travel.
Speaker2 got an overall score of eight on his belts exam. He has received a conditional offer to apply for a visa to study at the university. Speaker2 has been to Egypt, Egypt, Japan, and Tailband. He wants to come back to China after he graduates.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the dangers of travelling in space.
Speaker2 has two children, a boy and a girl. Their names are Jack and Stephanie. Stephanie is 18 and Jack is 24. Stephanie studies English at college in Washington and Jack works in Florida.
Speaker1 needs to find a parking spot on campus. He can park in the student parking structure on the west side of the campus. The last time Speaker2 checked it was empty.
Speaker2 hasn't got his invitation to the house warming party. He should get it today or tomorrow. Tom and Bill Smith have bought a new house in the suburbs. Speaker1 went out with them last weekend. They are moving in today with a truck. The party is next Saturday night.
Speaker1 will treat Mary as his best friend, even though she cheated on him.
Speaker1 informs that Michael Jackson is coming to town.
Speaker1 learned of the railway accident this morning. Many people were killed.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that it's never too late for learning. Speaker1 has recently been teaching himself french.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched the football match last night. Speaker2 didn't, because his wife wanted to watch an old film. The match ended in a draw.
Speaker1 says that it's been bad for business recently.
Speaker1 is learning Chinese on the internet and Spanish in evening classes. He also speaks Japanese at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to discourage people from using their private cars as they produce too much pollution. Speaker2 used to have a car, but once he started using his bicycle to get around, he found that he didn't really need it.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to give him a lift home.
Speaker2's business is getting worse. He will make a thorough market investigation now to prevent a deficit.
Speaker2 is interested in watching tv or relaxing games and reading. His favourite books are about detectives.
Speaker1 is very nervous and nervous.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the aging population and the need to increase the retirement age. Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday. Speaker1 is thinking about having a child but not yet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a science field trip next Monday. They will leave the campground at 5 pm and arrive at their campus at 8 pm. The bus will bring them back on December 8th.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the general manager and his wife. The general manager has a lot of sympathy and has many followers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for dinner on Sunday at 6:30 p.m. Speaker 2 will go to the opera with his daughter.
Speaker2's birthday is on August 1st. His parents prepare dinner for him. He will have a birthday cake and sing " happy birthday" at the party.
Speaker2 is coughing a lot in the evening. He needs something to keep him awake at work. He has to give up smoking.
Speaker1 is applying for a visa to study abroad. He has an interview with a visa official today.
Speaker2 talked like the terminator for two months. He liked the movie 'Terminator' even more than 'Titanic'.
Speaker1 is worried about the meeting this morning. She thinks she was too rude. She talked to Mr. Drummond directly. He is the president of the company and she is a woman.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a business trip. Speaker1 will take a laptop, flash disk, a ballpoint pen, a pencil, a notebook, a pair of glasses, cell phone, charger, moisture, notion, and a notebook with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the landscape of their countries. Speaker2's country is very flat, but there are some hills in the southeast. The coast of his country is varied.
Speaker1 has sprained his ankle. Speaker2 will get some ice and put it on it.
Speaker1 is leaving for America tomorrow. He will write to Speaker2 once he gets settled.
Speaker2 went to the beach with his friends and had a barbecue at the beach. They went swimming and to the swimming pool.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been in touch for a long time. Speaker1 has just returned from Hawaii.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a Taiwanese girl and her fiance, who is Taiwanese.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what they do in summer and winter.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to check out the food table.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like swimming. swimming is a good exercise for health.
Speaker2 had an interview for a promotion at his company. If he gets the promotion, he will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complimenting on Mrs. smith.
Speaker1 wants to have a few friends over for a dinner party to celebrate his birthday. Speaker2 will come over to Speaker1's on Saturday around six or seven o'clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 went on holidays to bangkok, Hong Kong, China and the Great Wall of China. Speaker1's wife doesn't like traveling.
Speaker2 is married and doesn't have children.
Speaker2 has just returned from summer camp. He went sailing, fishing, horseback riding, and horse riding.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met John last week. John came back from America last week and speaks English fluently.
Speaker1 has been waiting for Speaker2 since half past seven. Speaker2 has been late.
Speaker1's hair looks great. Speaker2 will give him $ 55 for it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for their classmate's girlfriend but it's not her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching the soccer match tonight. Speaker2 is for Manchester United.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Christmas and Easter festivals.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are confused by the abbreviations in their chat.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a meeting to decide what classes Speaker2 should take next semester. Speaker2 wants to finish his degree in four years. He will take shakespeare, 18th century poetry, modern novel and botany classes. He won't take english composition.
Speaker1 wants to know if you are ready.
The teacher accused myra of cheating in front of the whole class. Speaker1 and Speaker2 think she should have done it privately.
Speaker1 has read a lot about palmistry and has been able to tell a lot of accurate things about a person's palm from his palm. Speaker2 doesn't believe in it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are divorcing because of Speaker1's drinking.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 got Dave's e - mail a couple of months ago.
Speaker2 received a scholarship 3 times in college. He joined the communist party of China.
Speaker1's family came to visit him. His immediate family is his parents, his father, his two older brothers, his younger sister and his younger brother. He is the only child in the family. His younger brother is 10 years younger.
Dr. Smith is going to take over as dean of Speaker1 and Speaker2's department.
Speaker1 bought a digital camera last week. It's a sony.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would go on a date with Eric if he asked them out. If Speaker1 won the lottery, he would buy two tickets for a trip around the world.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went hiking yesterday. They arrived at the park at 9 am and didn't leave until 3 pm.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to join the boxing club tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are new to the school. Speaker2 transferred from pcc.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a lot of foreign customers. Speaker2 speaks two foreign languages, french and Spanish.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching reruns of the 1996 olympics. Michael johnson set a world record in the 200 and 400-meter race. Carl Lewis won four golds.
Speaker1 moved into his new house thanks for helping him.
Speaker1 doesn't like reciting texts.
Speaker2 is upset because he lost his wallet and id card.
Speaker2 was rude to his wife. He didn't like her butting in where he didn't want her.
Speaker1 is from Russia and Speaker2 is from Japan. They both agree that English is a difficult language.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to Mary's to watch some videos tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the main causes of war today. They discuss how to end them.
Speaker1 wants to know what Jane thinks about the dinner.
There is a blackout. Speaker1 and Speaker2 lost half of their paper. They have a political science exam tomorrow.
Speaker1 wants to go skiing with Speaker2. They will go to the new ski area. Speaker2 is not an active exerciser and his muscle is not strong enough for such an intense sport. Speaker1 recommends a three-day training camp.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have won one million yuan in a lottery.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss David Peckham's appeal to the fans.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are new in the class. Speaker1's favourite subject is Chinese, but Speaker2 prefers to learn English.
Speaker1 had a deal with a vice manager yesterday.
Speaker1 wants to know what's new.
Speaker1 has been elected to do overtime on the baker account. He has already logged in 20 hours of overtime. Nobody has turned up to do the work, so he is left on his own.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet tomorrow at half past seven in the morning in the market.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sending birthday wishes to Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having lunch outside. The weather is nice.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 both enjoyed the concert.
Speaker1 will see Speaker2 off at the airport at 12:30 p.m. tomorrow to pick him up from the airport. Speaker2 is going to America on Pan American Airlines flight 282.
Speaker1 is afraid of the darkness.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to get a suntan on the balcony.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to go to a new Chinese restaurant for lunch.
Speaker1 wants to know if Speaker2 is married or not. Speaker2 got a divorce and is single.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a baseball game. Cal Ripen hit a home run. Baltimore is winning 5 to 4.
Speaker1 wants to write a book about healthy habits from around the world.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what day it is. It's Thursday, May first, 2003. Today is international labour day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a beer for their trip.
Last night Speaker1 almost got hit by a vase falling from the third floor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing ice hockey in a community league. Speaker2 is a defender and Speaker1 is a goalie for the rockets.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen any new films recently. Speaker1 saw "Chinese - style divorce" two years ago. Speaker2 has been watching a Chinese tv series called "Chinese - Style divorce".
Speaker1 wants to know what university Speaker2 wants to go to. Speaker2 went to Harvard.
Speaker2 forgot about Valentine's Day. She had a fight with Jack. Jack asked her out to dinner tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see the opera ' the sound of music' today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't blame her anymore as it was her that made them embarrassed.
Speaker1 and betsy are going to have seafood tonight and then go see the new movie at mall cinema. Last week they went to see a movie about a man's struggle against mental illness. Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a restaurant last week. Speaker2 doesn't like fish.
Speaker2 is looking for material for a paper on the influence of television on children. Speaker1 suggests him to use the computer.
Speaker1's son is complaining that she dumps on him. He was rude to her.
Speaker2's native place is Shanghai, which is a cosmopolitan city.
Speaker1 is grateful for the record that Speaker2 lent him the other day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the new television channel is a waste of time.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 for dinner yesterday. Speaker2 enjoyed the dinner very much. Speaker1 is free tonight.
Speaker1 doesn't know how John can put up with his son who doesn't work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that they should keep frank at arm's length.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the aging population. Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday. Speaker1 is thinking about having a child, but not yet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think Tony looks handsome in the suit.
Speaker2 is a new student at a new college. He transferred from a previous school.
Speaker2 can't play baseball with Speaker1 today because he has to help his mother pack for the move.
Speaker2 will volunteer in a zoo for two weeks. He will help prepare food, feed animals and clean up.
Speaker1's computer freezes every time he tries to start a program.
Speaker1's mother likes to split hairs. She wants to buy something cheaper.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering if she has any friends.
Speaker2 is a student. He is studying at a school.
Speaker1 wishes merry christmas to Tom.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's business is going well.
Speaker2 is going to take chemistry and physics next year, but he hasn't decided on the other subjects yet. He wants to study english literature.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's team has just scored a goal.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are pleased with their children's performances at sport. Tommy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds. Tommy is good at the long jump, but not at the high jump. Jimmy can jump over two meters. Kate can dive from a height of 10 meters. They swim 500 meters each day. The longest race they run is 1500 meters.
Speaker1 has decided to go to Tasha for the May Day holiday. Speaker2 is going to visit Shanghai and Beijing.
Speaker1 is confused by what he said and doesn't know what he wants.
Speaker1 says that the city is too polluted.
Speaker1 would like to have access to the public library.
Speaker1 wants to check the terms and conditions of the service contract with telecoms.
Speaker1's friend George has been to Switzerland twice. He likes the people and the quietness there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are concerned about Speaker2's pale complexion.
Speaker1 has to cancel his appointment with Speaker2 as he has to go to Shanghai for a few days. He will be back on Tuesday.
Sam took the civil service exam and failed. He's been sitting in his room for the last 4 days. Speaker1 will call him back after he's done.
Speaker1 was taking a walk in the park early this morning and saw a man beating a woman. He ran to get help.
Speaker1 has found a new way to learn chinese. He is learning chinese through songs. He can sing some of them now. He and Katherine will learn a song together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss natural disasters. There is a massive forest fire in Australia and a drought in Africa. There has been another earthquake in Iran. The european union has sent several plants with relief supplies. refugee camps have been set up across the region.
Speaker2 drew a blank on the algebra test and is thinking of dropping out.
Speaker1 will borrow "Death on the Nile" from Speaker2 when he finishes reading it.
Speaker1 will drop by Julie's place to see her.
Speaker2 came home late because he was watching a singer singing at the subway exit. He was captivated with the singer's music. Speaker2 would have liked to sing too, but he couldn't do it that well. There is an exhibition of oil painting in the subway station in Russia.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't believe he murdered his wife, because he is kind.
Speaker1 is not convinced by Speaker2's explanation and wants him to explain it to her.
Speaker1 wishes his son Mark could be as good as joe.
Speaker1 is getting a tattoo. He wants to get a dragon on his arm or a tiger on his back.
Speaker1 is from Long Island, New York. Speaker2 is from Los Angeles. Speaker1 and Speaker2 have two kids, a boy and a girl.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a symphony concert in a new concert hall. They are going to get a soft drink and stretch their legs.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to explain the meaning of the word to him.
Speaker1 wants to know what is your favorite sport.
Speaker1 moved to a new place just now. Speaker2 and his family will come to have a coffee with Speaker1 about 4.
Speaker1: he has been compared to rimbaud.
Speaker1 hears that Mike is entering the speech contest.
Speaker1 has to go, so he has to excuse himself.
Speaker2 is a black student on campus. He has to deal with many stereotypes about him. Some people look down upon him because he is black.
Speaker1 wants to know if it bothers her that her husband goes on business trips.
Nancy is going to get married and she is all sweetness and light today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a while. Speaker2 has just got back from town.
Speaker1 will help Speaker2 with his bags.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play volleyball on Sunday.
Speaker1 asks Zhengjun what makes her happy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched the last night's football game between Barcelona and Madrid. It ended in a tie. Speaker2 and Speaker1 are planning to watch the next game together.
Speaker1 visited the famous variety show host, Dennis.
Speaker2 is going to propose to her now.
Speaker2 loves playing badminton, table tennis, computer games and playing the games. Many teenagers spend too much time playing computer games.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the bbs online bulletin board service.
The teacher accused myra of cheating in front of the whole class. Speaker1 and Speaker2 think she should have done it privately.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been in a physics class all day. Today's lesson was about the creation of the universe.
Speaker1 will go home next weekend to surprise his brother for his birthday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch a live show of football tonight. ac milan versus real Madrid is playing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen the new girl in the sales department yet. She started yesterday.
Speaker2 forgot to reserve the concert tickets. Speaker1 reminded him this morning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a bullfights. Speaker1 has two tickets to the latest show.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to tempt Linda into eating some sweets.
Sophia told Speaker1 and Speaker2 that sophia was coming. Speaker2 is a bit shy. Speaker1 will give him some grappa.
Speaker1 is tired of his job in the bank and is thinking about changing it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the cold weather.
Speaker1 saw Avril Lavigen yesterday. He worked as a temporary staff in her concert. He likes some of her songs and thinks she's talented.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to try the new Mexican restaurant on the other side of the street.
Speaker2 is going to Thailand for winter vacation. He will meet his girlfriend there. They have known each other over the internet for a few months. They plan to get engaged next month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 usually go to the movies on the weekends.
There was an earthquake and more than 10 thousand people died in the earthquake. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will donate money to help the people in the stricken area.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't hear who won the english speech contest.
Speaker1 and Jackie have exams coming up. They will study together.
Speaker1 says good evening to Mr. Brown.
Speaker1's wallet is lost and she doesn't know what to do.
Speaker1 wants to ask Speaker2's friend out, but they are just friends.
Speaker1 has a present for mum for March 8th, which is women's day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play a game of bowling. Speaker1 will go first.
Speaker1 feels uncomfortable because the teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the difference between a hacker and a cracker.
Speaker2's business trip was successful. He arrived on time, but he lost his luggage on the return flight and his carry on bag when he was tackling with the officers in charge. He left the airport three hours later than he expected and was caught in a traffic jam. When he got home, he found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout.
Speaker1 thinks that the acting in the film won the academy award this year.
Speaker1 and Shirley are discussing the homework for today's economic law class.
Speaker2's family consists of his parents, brother and sister. He doesn't go home often, but he writes to them often.
Speaker1 is tired of her always wearing Speaker1's clothing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have bread, milk, orange juice and orange juice for breakfast. For lunch, they will have mutton, pork, mutton or beef. Speaker2 likes champagne. They will have banana for lunch.
Speaker2 met his girlfriend Amanda through a friend. He started dating her.
Speaker1 had the best supper last night. His wife made a stir - fry. Speaker2 would like to have it too.
Speaker1 likes dogs and cats, but Speaker2 doesn't like cats. Speaker1 likes wild animals, like bears, pandas and snakes. Speaker2 thinks spiders and snakes are disgusting.
Speaker1 has to leave now and has sent Speaker2 a message.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will not exchange gifts for Christmas. They will pool the money and give it to a family who could really use it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are impressed with Speaker2's lunch.
Mark lost his job the other day and is up a tree now.
Speaker2 will have to pay 25 cents a day for each late book.
Speaker2 will continue his studies after graduation. He will study for a master's degree and a doctor's degree. It's not easy for a graduate with a bachelor's degree to get a job.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw a tv show about elderly people last night. It said that people with a positive attitude tend to live longer and happier and physical exercise helps people deal with stress.
The ambassador is already here. The meeting is set to start at 9 am. Bill is late again. He takes the train from Lancaster to the city. He has overslept.
Speaker1 and Bob have finished.
Speaker1's boyfriend is upset that she spends more time with Speaker2 than with him. He doesn't want her to come back this weekend.
Speaker1 and Linda went out on a date last night, but Linda stood him up. He called her this morning, but she hung up on him.
Speaker1 can't concentrate on his paper because of the noise his children are making. He will leave if the noise doesn't stop.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know if the clock is right.
Speaker2 would like to talk to ms. collins about his accommodation situation. He will have her call him back sometime tonight before 6 pm.
Speaker1 is going to tell Speaker2's fortune with facial paper. Speaker2 is oily.
Speaker1 wishes everyone a nice day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are enjoying their first night in their new apartment. It's very quiet.
Speaker1 is impressed with Speaker2's knowledge of English.
Speaker1's legs are killing her so she needs help.
Speaker2 is on a trip to Shanghai. It's hot in Shanghai. The buses and trains in Shanghai are more modern.
Speaker1 is going to bid 120 pounds on the auction for the stamp.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the environment problems in the world today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch the ball drop in Times Square at midnight.
Speaker2's family consists of his parents, brother and sister. He doesn't often go home, but he sends e - mail to them and calls his parents regularly.
Speaker1's grandma is trimming the trees.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what day it is today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch a movie tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a good weekend. Speaker2 cleaned the house and played tennis on Saturday and on Sunday he hiked in the country. Speaker1 stayed in bed and watched TV.
Speaker1 wants to go in. Speaker2 agrees.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that they two will get married.
Speaker1 is going to Japan in the fall. Speaker2 has been to Japan twice. On his first trip he went to tokyo and Kyoto, and on his second he visited Kyoto.
Speaker1 has told Speaker2 three times to put away the dishes but he hasn't.
Speaker1 has a problem with her boyfriend who is always in a bad mood. She will talk to him later.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet at the gate around 7. Peter Brown will be there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a date. Speaker1 would like to talk to the girl, but he doesn't like her boyfriend. Speaker2 prefers tall girls with long hair, but Speaker1 likes tall girls.
Speaker1 will have a cigarette, but Speaker2 won't.
Mr. Turnbow's son, John, is bright and intelligent. He can pass the university entrance exam. Jack is tired and takes a couple of hours to brush up on his English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going back home tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will present everyone with a taiwanese puppet doll.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the phantom of the opera on Friday night. They will have dinner at 6:00.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a dancing party tonight. They will meet at six.
Speaker1 will lend Speaker2 some money to buy a tv set.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on a plane. Speaker2 is in the middle seat in the aisle seat. Speaker1 will lend Speaker2 a newspaper and a piece of gum.
Speaker2's car won't start. Speaker1 will get him some tools to fix it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will ask him to work in their bank.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think Speaker2 should go to see the doctor.
Speaker1 will invite Speaker2 for the next dance. Speaker2 is not a dancer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a wedding. They are happy for the bride and the groom. Speaker1 always cries at weddings.
Speaker2 is back from his vacation in Paris. He went to the top of the eiffel tower as the first thing they did. They spent the afternoon walking around a flea market and watching a movie at the hotel.
Speaker2 didn't enjoy the party last night. He had a bad time because his date, Mary, stood him up and he waited for her for a full hour in the cold wind.
Harry is down and won't talk to anyone. Speaker2 knows what that feels like.
Speaker1 has a new job and a new city. He has decided to stop smoking. He also decided to come out of the closet.
Speaker2 is getting married next May. His fiancee wants to get married in October, but she has an important project.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the bridal shower for Jane on August 8th. Jane's father passed away several years ago. The wedding will be held at her church and red rochester will officiate at the wedding.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how the public transport system in their city could be improved. Speaker2 thinks they should build more roads and charge people to use their cars in the city centre.
Johnny did badly on the test. He hasn't been studying enough.
Speaker1 learned to speak English at school in China. It was his first time out of his own country.
Mary got married to jerrod yesterday. She is going to live in Paris.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have doubts about funds with bad stock performance. Speaker1 wants to decrease the risk and achieve maximum returns.
Speaker1 has never downloaded music before. Speaker2 will show Speaker1 how it works.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are waiting in line to get one of master li's chinese couplets.
Bob is getting on in years and Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to write to their German pen friends in German and in English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering why they are in a place where there's nobody there.
Speaker1 was absent yesterday. He got a certificate for sick - leave. He has already got the reading material handed out yesterday.
Speaker1's boss has been ordering everyone around lately. His boss was selected to fill the vacancy in the ceo slot. The last ceo left the company.
Speaker1 doesn't like the carrots, but Speaker2 likes them very much. Speaker1 is going to have a chocolate cake for dessert.
Speaker2 will call his friend and have him take care of the situation.
Speaker1's lease is up and he has to move. The owner is selling the place to make way for the construction of a parking lot. Speaker1 will move in with his parents for a couple of months. Speaker2 will help him pack. He will also take care of Speaker1's pet tarantula and snake.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think it's guilty in the case.
Speaker1's mother heard a tornado warning on the radio. A tornado has been spotted in southern Wisconsin. Speaker1 called his friend's house to warn them about it.
Speaker1 and Linda haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has just opened her own business as a professional party planner.
David doesn't want to clean his room. Speaker2 is depressed because his girlfriend was speaking ill of him.
Speaker1 declares that table tennis is the national game.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had dinner together yesterday. Speaker1 is returning to China today. Speaker2 will help him with his account.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet again if they have time.
Speaker2 went to a global warming rally over the weekend. He was around people who care about the environment. Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the environmental issues.
Speaker1's boss wore a stupid tie to work today. His daughter bought him a tie as a father's day gift.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the skating rink on Friday.
Speaker1 congratulates Cindy on getting into university.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will watch the oscars on tv tonight. Speaker1 likes watching the fashion. Speaker2 likes the category for " best foreign language film".
Speaker2 is a big fan of andy lau. He has all of his albums and most of his films on dvd. He also has several posters of him on his bedroom walls. He used to be a member of the fan club, but he's not now.
Speaker2 has had a bad cold for three days and can't get rid of it.
Bob is handsome and that's why he's popular among girls. Speaker1 wishes he was as handsome.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's maths teacher is humorous. Their history teacher is serious.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been busy and haven't had time to talk.
Adam will show Speaker1 and Speaker2 around the school. The tallest building is the library, which has more than 1,000 books. The building to the south of the library is the new classroom building for the senior high school. There is a swimming pool in the school, but it's only available in summer.
Speaker1 got a promotion and lunch is on him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the letter in the paper about smoking. Speaker1 thinks the government should discourage people from smoking.
Speaker2 will swap some of his peanuts for some potato chips from Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for John. John is in prison.
Speaker1 quit his job as a food critic and is starting a business.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to play again. Speaker2 will break the balls.
Speaker2 will not be able to check out books from the library until he pays his late fees of $ 24 and 50.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the economy of Taiwan.
Speaker1 praises another guy. Speaker2 is worried that he may be taken for a ride by a guy like him.
Speaker1 and Jenny are at a party. Speaker2 is having fun.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw May today. She has a long face. She got a promotion recently.
Speaker1 has lost 4 kilos and has changed his eating habits.
Speaker2 is travelling to America for half a month for business. Speaker1 is a reporter at a tv station.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the new television channel is a waste of time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for dinner on Friday at seven o'clock. Speaker1 wants to try out a new dish on Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were at Bron on the 20th of May 1963. The film will begin at 5.30 pm tomorrow.
Speaker1 is not fond of the guy's manner.
Speaker1's and Speaker2's favourite NBA player is Kobe Bryant. Kobe came to Beijing for the summer Olympics and they went to the match between China and USA.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing a new aids vaccine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like reading novels about early america. Speaker1 prefers the novels by Hemingway.
Speaker1 wants to know where is speaker's hometown.
Speaker1 is interested in getting a library card. Speaker2 gives him an application and a driver's license.
Speaker1 and Jimmy are watching tv. Speaker2's favourite show is on in a couple of minutes. Speaker1 is not a big fan of tv shows, but he finds some of them interesting.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on his and Speaker2's marriage.
Speaker1 invited Melissa and Frank to his wife's birthday party on the 9th. They are going to have dinner at a mexican restaurant and go out dancing.
Speaker2 has a fever, but the nurse said it's nothing major.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are no longer eating in the cafeteria. They are going to eat in the restaurant around the corner. The cafeteria is serving the chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days.
Speaker1 didn't expect to see Speaker2 at this hour. Speaker2 goofed off again and he will probably get the bag.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker1's husband got a cold yesterday.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 for dinner to thank him for helping him pick up his parents from the airport last week. Speaker2 is in the mood for spicy hotpot.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the winter and wish it were summer.
There is a new coffee shop opening up down the street. Speaker2 doesn't drink coffee, so he would like to join his friends in the afternoon at a regular coffee shop. He would like a fruit salad and hot sandwiches on the menu.
Speaker2 is not happy with his job. He needs a holiday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will organize a dinner party for their colleagues in their departments on Thursday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting in Beijing. It's Speaker2's first time there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy that Taylor came over. Speaker2 is wearing a bonnet and has sent Speaker1 Easter lilies.
Speaker1 fell on the way to school and scratched Speaker2's bike. Speaker2 lent him the bike.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for dinner tonight. Their dad and mom are going for dinner.
Speaker1 will pick Speaker1 up at the appointed time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a walk in the park.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy to see the sun back after the downpour.
Speaker2's new girlfriend Katherine is good at languages and sports. She knows how to speak Spanish, Japanese and tennis and basketball. She's good at sports too, but she's not good at something.
Stephany will go out with Speaker2 and his friends for a group date in one month. They are going fishing.
Speaker1 and susan haven't seen each other in the pub for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet again. Speaker1 will call Speaker2.
Speaker1 asks about Carl's birthday tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the city they both live in.
Speaker1's girlfriend wants him to arrive at her home in ten minutes or she will break up with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what to do to butter him up.
Mary learns to speak latin by osmosis within three months.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the part of the old man is the best one.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't finish work until 9:00 pm.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think it's a good idea to talk to the teacher.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to cancel their plans to visit the square because of bad weather.
Speaker1 is a day late for the registration and all the classes are full. He will take psychology 101, sociology and philosophy. He took philosophy last year. If he goes to the professor's office, he can have him sign a card.
Alice and David got engaged last weekend while they were on their ski trip. They are getting married next June.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's sister had an accident a week ago.
Peter just retired. He is almost sixty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the beach. Speaker2 wants to enjoy watching the sea and playing with the sand. He will bring a big hat and apply a lot of sunscreen.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see a film on Thursday.
Speaker2 is looking for a college college. He wants to study music. His parents want him to go to a catholic college.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that they got a divorce.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are the best students in the class. The teacher explains everything to them in English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that old McDonald got married to his 84-year-old wife. He is her sixth husband.
Speaker2 is going to ask Diana out in a note. He will go to the office party with her tomorrow night.
Speaker1 doesn't like a nuclear family. He likes a family composed of many people.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what a coffee grinder is.
Speaker1 wants to improve his English. Speaker2 goes to the movies, goes to lectures, listens to the radio and practice every chance he gets.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play scrabble. Speaker1 is going to describe someone's face. Speaker2 will describe their cousins.
Mario Puku wrote the novel "The Godfather" and the film "Mario puku".
Speaker1 doesn't have to go to school tomorrow as a typhoon is coming.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a hand in locking into the case.
Speaker2 has lost his dissertation. He has been working on it for a whole month and it's too late to write another one.
Speaker1 is nervous about his presentation on Friday. Speaker2 will help him with that. They will meet in Speaker1's office tomorrow night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema tonight to see "Titanic". They will meet at the movie theater entrance.
Speaker1 wants to watch TV now and finish his homework later. Speaker2 won't let him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that every country should face the history.
Speaker1 bought a speaker yesterday for $ 556. It's broken.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the question above Nick's head is easy to answer.
Speaker1 wants to know if you have passed the test.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a party. Speaker2 invited a lot of friends.
Speaker1 is going to try sky diving this weekend. He will tell Speaker2 about it next Monday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking to each other after ten years.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw his last dive and agree that he deserved his gold.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to be late to a dinner party. Speaker2 will wear the shirt with the silk tie, the checkered sweater, the lucky sandals and a coat.
Speaker2 said he was nothing but a yeoman and he became angry with him.
Speaker2 went on a date with John. They have a lot in common. He is tall and slim, fair - haired, smart and has a great sense of humor.
Speaker2 has just bought a new car. It's a great car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a movie. There are two hours of advertisements in the movie.
David doesn't want to clean his room. Speaker2 is depressed because his girlfriend was speaking ill of him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are celebrating Christmas. Speaker2 will have supper with his girlfriend and go shopping. Speaker1 will go to church and then to a Christmas party.
Speaker1 and his wife are moving in next door to chuck jones and chuck will be their neighbour.
Speaker2 has to take at least eighteen credits this semester to keep his scholarships and grant. He only has fifteen. He is considering taking a class he doesn't need and a double major in international business. His first choice would be a language.
Speaker1 would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans. He would do interviews for Cosmo and Elle magazine and support a childrens charity.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to listen to the groom, Allen.
Speaker1 will call Speaker2 when he finds the book he needs.
Speaker1 is a business major and wants to take some additional credits to get a minor in psychology. He will take fundamental linguistics, consumer psychology and neuroanatomy for his minor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in the hall of ancient china. There are historical relics in glass boxes.
Speaker1 used to want to drive a green jaguar, but once his son was born, he didn't have time to drive it anymore. The car needs a new engine and brakes. The heating controls don't work.
Vivian won the grand prize again. She wore red underwear this year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see an action movie.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to the beach tonight. They will go to malibu beach.
Speaker1 is going to write a blog about his zone.
Speaker2's parents reminded her that she should have a plan to marry by her late 20s. She has no time to go on a date, so she will find one herself. She will try the three minutes video date. There are many online dating websites.
Speaker1 has broken Speaker2's ashtray. He would like to replace it.
Speaker2's parents are fine, still active and enjoying their retirement.
Speaker1 would like to introduce Speaker2 to mr. brown.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for a drink tonight. Speaker1 had a tough interview for a job. The manager tried to talk about the Chinese poetry with him during the interview.
Sally passed out in class and had to go to the hospital. She hadn't eaten any food for days.
Speaker1 doesn't know how John can put up with his son who doesn't work.
Speaker1 is looking for a comfortable convenient way to see the country. He is interested in motor coaching.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to introduce themselves to the tall man who works with Lily.
Speaker1 thinks someone is stalking her. She saw him the first time on Tuesday at the cafe. He followed her all the way home. She went into a cd store and pretended to be looking at cd's. He came in too.
Speaker1's mattress was supposed to be delivered today, but it was delivered four hours late. He wants his money back for the delivery.
Speaker1 wants to buy a drink. He needs to use the change machine first. It takes a couple of tries.
Speaker1 has a problem with when to shake hands and when not to. He comes from a country where people shake hands all the time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are disappointed with his performance.
Taylor has been in the hospital for a couple of days. Speaker2 put him there with his football moves. Speaker1 bought some crosswords to keep him busy.
Speaker1 gave Diana perfume, but she doesn't wear perfume.
Speaker1 and Kathy don't like traveling for pleasure.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in London. They are going to see the famous castle and prison, the crown jewels and Madame Tussaud's waxworks museum.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss idiomatic expressions in English.
Speaker1 goes to the fitness center every weekend to lose some weight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other merry Christmas.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a trip to Florida for a sun - tan.
Speaker1 wants to know why Tom quit the job.
Mrs. Smith hired him to find her lost son. He used to be a policeman.
Speaker1 has a bad day at work.
Speaker2 is fond of playing the chess and playing cards.
Speaker1 is in room 1808. The toilet doesn't work properly and the water doesn't run in the shower. She wants to see the manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the idea of having a single global language. The article suggests english as the main language.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a football game in America. The giants are up by three points, but the redskins have the ball and are close to the end zone. There was a hit on the home team. The referee called a penalty.
Speaker1 fell on the way to school and scratched Speaker2's bike. Speaker2 lent him the bike.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to Speaker2's parents' house tonight for Speaker1's 50th birthday. Speaker1 wants to go to a movie with Speaker2, but Speaker1 has people coming over tomorrow.
Speaker2 is going to work at a soup kitchen tonight. He will prepare food for homeless people and give it out to them.
Speaker1 had to work overtime and it was the last straw for him.
Speaker2 will take the train to the office. If he can't catch the train, he will take a taxi.
Speaker2's working hours are 8 to twelve in the morning, 2 to 6 in the afternoon.
Speaker2's watch has been gaining and losing time.
Speaker1 was born on April 15th and Speaker2 on January 5th. Speaker2's horoscope for this month says he should take a vacation to someplace exotic and have a passionate summer fling.
Speaker1 wants to apply for more reimbursement for his mobile bill, but he's afraid his boss will turn him down.
Speaker1 wants to change his job because he wants to earn more.
Speaker2 didn't tell Speaker1 that he had a girlfriend and is going to marry her.
Speaker1 suggests to Speaker2 that he should hire a car and drive straight there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to stop smoking. Speaker1 wants to print a warning on each cigarette packet.
Speaker1 is looking forward to seeing the big concert next week.
Speaker1 has just finished reading the article 'Getting old gracefully'. He recommends Speaker2 to read it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw the 2005 grammy awards last night. Ricky Martin won best latin pop performance for his performance at the football world cup song - the cup of world.
Speaker1's girlfriend is in love with the department manager, but she doesn't like him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are disappointed that the answer is zero.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 parted from each other last month. Speaker1 is single and has no real girlfriend. Speaker2 has an e - gf, so he is Speaker1's e - bf.
Speaker2 has been to most of the countries in Europe, several countries in Asia, including China, Japan, Korea and Thailand, and to the United States and Canada. He is planning to visit Australia and New Zealand soon. Norway is the most beautiful country he's been to. It has many picturesque fjords, waterfalls and mountains.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are waiting for the lecture to start. It's twelve minutes past seven.
Speaker1 is in the kitchen. Speaker2 is in a kitchen.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet at the bar near the beach tomorrow instead of tonight.
Speaker1 will buy a small vase for his mother. Speaker2 will buy some cognac for his brother.
Speaker1 wants to ask a girl in his company out, but he gets shy when she is around him. He will try to make the first move.
Speaker1 slept well last night. He has to drive to school for a meeting this morning. A school called him to teach a few classes this weekend. He's supposed to work on a paper that's due on Monday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's team seems to win the game.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet this weekend. They will meet at nine o'clock.
Speaker1 will call the manager and ask him to bring him another fried chicken free of charge.
David has been fired and has a new boss.
Speaker1's son has come back from three years in the navy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will not have any more drinks.
Speaker1 will turn off the fire as Speaker2's tea water is running over.
Speaker1 and his friend's relationship is over. The cause is another boy.
Speaker1 and Jack are trying to convince Rose to step up onto the rail.
Speaker1 saw your car outside and stooped by.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a great party.
Speaker2 met him at a dance party. He fell for her the first time he saw her.
Speaker1 found Speaker2's umbrella. Speaker1 and Speaker2 live two blocks away from each other in the same building. Speaker2 and his family moved in two weeks ago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see "Forest Gump" together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think show biz stars have an easy life because they have a lot of money and they can buy almost anything they want. They are famous, so everyone loves them. The paparazzi take photos of them wherever they go and whatever they do.
Speaker2 has a late fee of $24.50. He can't check out any more books until he pays it.
Speaker2 needs to get on the internet. He will have to wait for a computer.
Speaker1 is angry that Speaker2 didn't call him last night. He was rude to Speaker2 at lunch.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a mozart and beethoven concert at the festival hall.
Speaker2 is going to attend an interview for an english teacher position. Her skirt is very short, her make up is too thick, and her lipstick doesn't match her skin.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been late for their meetings all this week because of the unreliable train. They lost important clients recently.
Speaker2 wants to become certified in computer programming. Speaker1 will send him an information packet and application forms.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at a map of the world for a geography class. They find it surprising that most of the water in the world is covered with water.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are reading the newspaper. There has been another murder in the city center. There was a local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease. Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the United States. She's going for treatment tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the autumn season in Beijing, Washington and Beijing.
Speaker1 wants to know how the speaker feels.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see the baby that is crying.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having dinner at Speaker1's place tomorrow night. Speaker1 lives in a rough neighborhood where there is a lot of crime and prostitution. He had his purse stolen within a week of moving in.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to connect to the internet, but Speaker2 is offline. Speaker2 has a wireless connection, so he needs to turn on his airport. He doesn't like chatting online, but he would like to. He will add Speaker2 to his contacts list.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think Tom is too old to go trick - or - treating on Halloween.
Speaker1 will ask Sara to come to the party.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about the name of Speaker2's store and the sign around the corner.
Speaker1 is worried about his grades. He missed a few classes and needs to improve.
Speaker1 informs that the teacher canceled the test.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 for the first dance. Speaker2 is a waltz dancer. Speaker1 took up dancing recently. He is a good leader. He likes the fox - trot, tango and tango, but he doesn't like the rock and roll and break dance.
The phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50. If the phoenix beats the rocket, it will enter the final.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the theatre tomorrow night. Speaker2 can't come.
Speaker1 is taking a music class. Speaker2 is not interested in it, but Speaker1 thinks he will make it.
Speaker1 has a lot of friends, maybe one hundred. He has about twenty-five best friends and one best friend. Speaker2 has only one.
Speaker1 says the flood will come on the heels of the heavy rain.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what they do in summer and winter.
Speaker1's girlfriend dumped him and he's upset.
Speaker1 would like Speaker2 to try some watermelon juice. Speaker2 doesn't want to drink coffee.
Speaker2 surfs the internet once a week and finds it interesting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 love ice cream. Their favourite flavors are strawberry and coffee.
Speaker1 wants to know what Speaker1 thinks of his behaviour yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think of Abraham Lincoln as a person of sound character.
The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in Speaker1 and Speaker2's city. Speaker2 is against it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the cinema on Friday night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for Tom.
Speaker1 and Wendy saw victor on Wednesday. They went for a walk in the woods near the highway. It was cold and windy. They wore heavy wool sweaters and walked quickly to keep warm. They counted over twenty squirrels. They had lunch together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to be a dress designer.
Speaker2 is organizing Wendy's funeral. He booked a time and a date with the funeral home. She will be cremated and her ashes will be spread in the ocean.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to the bookstore to buy magazines about fashions.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched the game last night. Baltimore defeated Texas by 17 points. Speaker1 is a diehard football fan. Speaker2 is from China.
Speaker2 had a big argument with ann last night. They were planning to go to the beach this weekend. Ann's boyfriend made plans and she had to cancel the trip.
Speaker1 has an appointment with Mr. Brown tonight at 8 o'clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a concert the day before. The conductor was Menuhin, a descendent of Russian immigrants. He is also a legendary violinist. He gave a performance of Felix Mendelssohn's violin concerto.
Speaker1 wants to enroll in the course in business management. The next beginning class starts on October 25th. The course lasts for 9 months and costs 125 dollars a month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 dislike susan because she is always above herself. She was the only one who had received the invitation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about the weather. It was sunny and warm yesterday, but the wind is blowing hard now. Speaker1 is wearing his heavy jacket.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a difference of opinion.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's uncle and aunt came to stay with them for a week. They didn't call them in advance.
Speaker2 went on a trip to Europe with his family last week. He went to London, Paris, London and a few other cities. He didn't go to Berlin, but he would like to go there next time. Speaker1 went to Berlin last year.
Speaker2 is a freshman in college. He started at Pcc. He transferred from another school.
Speaker1's name is Jason and his name is dolma.
Speaker1 is going to Beijing for a business trip. He went there once last summer. Speaker2 is going there to visit a friend. He didn't like the subway. He will take the bus or rent a car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that what they did to elvin was out of line.
Speaker1's brother joined the army last year. He's tall and strong.
Uncle George is coming to visit Speaker1 and Speaker2. He will stay from the twenty - fourth to the twenty- sixth. He is coming with aunt Cynthia and the girls. The girls will stay in Mary's room with her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want Kelly to run for senior class president. They talked to their older brothers and sisters last night.
Charlie hasn't finished his homework yet. Speaker1 wants to have a walk with grandma.
Speaker2 is going for a trip to Hebei in the north of China. Hebes was experiencing six degree strong winds and severe sandstorms.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about their hobbies. Speaker2 likes photography.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the olympics. Speaker1 thinks that the Olympics help to promote world peace. Speaker2 is pessimistic.
Speaker2 is looking for material for a paper on the influence of television on children. Speaker1 suggests him to use the computer.
Speaker1 wants to know what Speaker1 thinks of the coming match.
Speaker1 wants to know what Steve is going to do tonight.
Speaker1 and joanna are complimenting on joanna's new dress and necklace.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the cold weather and the weather tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering how many cleaning ladies does their company hire. Speaker2 has two illiterate cleaning ladies.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have lunch together for lunch.
Speaker1 is going to have a small get - together on Saturday night. Speaker2 won't be able to come, because he has other plans.
Speaker1 recommends a car that works well and has a reasonable price.
Ben cancelled his trip because general's dog got sick and he had to cancel.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the social problems the government should focus on. Speaker2's idea is to provide some money for homeless people to build their own homes. Speaker1 doesn't think it's a good idea.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to let him go because he took some newspaper away without paying. He used to be a hero during the war time and everyone respect him. He has no children and his wife passed away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a western music concert tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy about the warm weather.
The music is on and speaker1 wants to dance.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on his winning the game.
Speaker1 is wondering about the noise.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a folk concert tomorrow evening. Speaker2 doesn't like classical music.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go on vacation to Thailand together.
Speaker1 is exhausted after his new exercise class. Speaker2 thinks it's easy and will try it tomorrow morning.
Speaker1 likes collecting antiques. He has more than 500 collections.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other a happy Thanksgiving.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet on Friday. Speaker2 has the day off from work.
Speaker1 will introduce himself as Steven Smith.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are celebrating their anniversary.
Speaker1's accountant thinks she can save him a lot of money on his taxes.
Speaker2 will get a passport in a few weeks. He will have to apply for it now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a man who was hauled up last week for the second time and had been put in prison before.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the fact that the watch is tilted to the right.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the best place to park a motorbike.
Speaker2 commutes to work five days a week by train. In the evening, he takes the five thirty home train.
A famous woman has contributed to a new school. She will name it after her father's name.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry because his grandmothers are already dead.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's teacher is strict and strict.
Lily thinks that the job takes a back seat to the family after she is married and she must be a good wife.
Speaker1 can't find any shortcoming of his as an employee.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are standing in front of an exquisite work of art worth about 80 million dollars.
Speaker1 is glad to meet Speaker2.
Speaker1's and Speaker2's favourite film star is Tom Hanks.
Speaker1 doesn't like fixing computer. Speaker2 will leave the job to Jason.
Speaker2 lost the table tennis game yesterday and doesn't want to play table tennis any more.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to Harvard University for the weekend. Speaker1 is going to apply for Harvard after graduation from high school. Speaker2 will get to know the history of Harvard.
Bill shouldn't touch the wet paint. The headmaster asked the workmen not to.
Speaker1 is sure that he will help her.
There was a car accident on spring road yesterday. One of the drivers needed surgery. The second driver had a concussion and needed some stitches for his head wound. He was released from the hospital yesterday evening. The other driver is still in hospital. His condition is poor but stable.
Speaker1 wants to know what people think of the speech the man delivered just now.
Speaker2 is going to set up his own law office.
Speaker1 and Cindy met their boyfriend in a science class last term.
Speaker1 wants to take a picture of Speaker2 and his little boy for a book.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to see grandpa this afternoon, but grandpa will be working.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father retired last week. He wants to travel to several different countries around the world in his retirement.
Speaker2 will come over for dinner tonight at 7 p.m. Speaker1 will prepare a spicy tofu and vegetable stir - fry and make sushi.
Speaker2 got rid of his old car and bought a new one. Speaker1 will join him.
Speaker1 doesn't think it's a good idea for Jen to drive with Speaker2. Speaker1 recorded songs from Speaker2's CDs.
Speaker2 can't come to the weekend with Speaker1 and Speaker2 because he has a date.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see "Dutch" tonight. Tara will buy two tickets for them.
Speaker1 sends Speaker2 espresso to start his engine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a lot of fun.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on vacation. They are going to Salt Lake City for Speaker2's brother's fortieth birthday. They will stay in hotels and enjoy local food.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been in America for nearly four years. Speaker2 is going to major in tourism at Harvard next month.
Speaker1 has been looking for a stamp for years. He has to save up to pay for bills.
Speaker1 wants to go out for dinner with her tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering if she has any friends.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will study and play games together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the difference between reading and writing. Speaker1 can read Shakespeare but can't write it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have just moved in next door. Speaker1 is an accountant at a company. Speaker2 teaches mathematics at a college.
Speaker1 has an appointment at six. Speaker2 will drop in anytime.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a catholic church. Speaker1 has never been to a church before. They will listen to the service and sing along with the songbook.
Speaker1 is going to see a musical tomorrow night and wants to go out with Anna.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Clive. They both like him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the opera.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a walk in the park in ten minutes.
Speaker1 and Bob Copeland are at the men's volleyball world championship in New zealand. They are watching a match between Brazil and China, who are trying to qualify for the next round.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in love with Mike.
Speaker2 wants to apply for an undergraduate scholarship offered by the american minority students scholarship association. He needs a letter of recommendation and an essay on the place of ethnic minorities in a democratic society. He will write the first draft tonight and bring it to Speaker1 tomorrow morning. They will talk after class on Friday.
Mr. Schmidt is going to become a father. He has a surprise waiting for him when he gets back.
Speaker1's friend is in the big house after he was caught selling cocaine.
Speaker1 is enjoying the tranquility of the night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what kind of music turns them on.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't want to go out last weekend, so they stayed at home and played video games.
Speaker2 doesn't keep any pets. He's scared of cats.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a mafia restaurant to eat tiramisu but it was a disappointment.
Speaker2 will return the video and check out the books from the library. He is due back two weeks from today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are disappointed that Mr. fro didn't buy it. Speaker1 wants a skinny triple latte.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to stop running around in front of the tv. Speaker2 can't stand the bald man talking so loudly in the program.
Speaker1 got the highest grade in the class. Speaker2 worked hard on his report and got it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are thanking Allan Parker for his help last week.
Speaker1 would like to meet Speaker2 again. Speaker2 will call Speaker1 next week.
Speaker1's father retired last week. He wants to travel to several different countries around the world in his retirement.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the Japanese team.
Speaker1 is angry with Speaker2 and wants to explode.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's friend was arrested by the police for drinking and driving. This is not the first time he has been charged with driving under the influence. He was charged with the same offence when he was in university. He got away with a fine of $ 500. He will probably lose his license, pay a fine and maybe spend some time in jail. He doesn't have a defence lawyer yet.
Speaker2 is in a good mood today, because yesterday he went sky - diving. He has a fear of heights.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about what to do when they are angry.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 both feel pity for the old man.
Speaker1 has just dropped in to say goodbye to Speaker2. He will leave at 10 o'clock.
Scientists replicated a sheep into an identical clone and it was successful.
Speaker1 will start selling in the United States next year. He will probably be transferred to the american office. He studied marketing in America.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a picnic with their friends for Speaker2's birthday. They will throw a party at home.
Speaker2 is dating Frank, but she finds him not to her liking.
The final examination will be held at the end of this month. Speaker2 has made good preparation.
Bob's sister will go to America. Speaker2 is not happy about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father is feeling better today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about dolly's fiance.
Speaker2 is going to study for one year abroad and take some university courses there.
Speaker2 worked over the summer at a restaurant to make tuition money. Nicole dropped out of school. Nicole worked at a startup company as an intern and since the business did well, they asked her to work full time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about the downsizing of their company. They don't know who will get sacked.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet on Saturday at 7 pm for dinner at Speaker1's place.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a concert instead of seeing a movie at the Century Fox on Saturday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't speak Spanish in the class. Their teacher explains everything to them in English. They are the best students in their class.
The hotel is full tonight and speaker1 will need to find a new place to stay.
Speaker1 will borrow two books on hardware from Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go on a factory tour tomorrow. They will visit a lager motor company nearby. Most factory tours are free.
Speaker2 got a new job at the post office. He reports to work at 5 am everyday and has only 45 minutes for lunch. The government offers its employees excellent health insurance benefits. All of Speaker2's children can get free medical care.
Speaker1 visited the polar aquarium today. He learned a lot about polar animals and birds.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about Paul.
Speaker2 has a new refrigerator and a new freezer in the kitchen. The worktop was in poor condition, so a new one was added. Speaker2 has bought several new pots and pans and utensils to help him with new dishes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting today.
Speaker1 wants to know why the teacher criticised myra in front of the whole class.
Speaker1 wants to know how have you been and what you've been doing.
Speaker1 wants to know why the teacher criticised myra in front of the whole class.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play a game of tennis. The loser has to take out the trash for a month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to Huang - Shan mountains this summer vacation. Speaker2 went there five years ago.
Speaker1 went to Jessie's birthday party yesterday. They ate a lot of things, played games and gave gifts. Speaker1's birthday is next month and he wants to hold a birthday party too.
Speaker1 got a character part in the play this time. Speaker2 got the leading role in the last play.
Speaker1 is happy with the new webpage design. The new page is more user - friendly. The visitors to the site are encouraged to give their contact information. They can sign up for a free monthly drawing. Their information goes into a database for future marketing mailers and advertising targeting. There is a specific area for on - line customer service.
Speaker1 is a smoker. Speaker2 doesn't mind him smoking here.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's company had a disastrous first quarter. Their sales have dropped fifty percent in the past month. Half of their production is faulty and they are going to have to recall all items sold in the last quarter. They are overstocked and overstaffed. The market is in recession. They will be filing for chapter eleven in less than three months.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new baby. It's Speaker2's first grandchild and his first nephew.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss who is the better typist, Mary or Jones.
David is David, joanna's husband. He will pick up Speaker1 and Speaker2 from Joanna's.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a drink at the bar when they are tired.
Mike has changed a lot after marriage.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a picnic. They will take fruit salad, crackers, chicken wings and chicken wings for Speaker1 and fruit salad for Speaker2. John will bring the dragon kite.
Speaker1 bet $200 on the cougars to win the game.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sending birthday wishes to Kate.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been in a physics class all day. Today's lesson was about the creation of the universe.
Speaker1 invites Speaker2 for dinner on Friday evening, but Speaker2 is busy and can't come.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other happy new year. They don't have any plans.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go boating on the lake in the park in the city.
Speaker1 wants to know how do you like the pizza at the restaurant.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are not fans of the tv series "House of Cards".
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to Tibet next week. They will stay in youth hotels.
Speaker2 is doing research into the languages of african tribes. He learned to speak swahili when he was little. He took his exams two weeks ago. He is nervous about his score.
Speaker1 started selling traditional craft items on the internet last year and has been able to make a lot of money doing it.
Speaker1 invites Speaker2 for a dance. There is a story about breakdancing in the paper. It's a modern dance style.
Speaker2 will return the book and check out the books. The books are due back in two weeks.
Speaker1 was asked a tough question.
Speaker2 has a portable tv near his steering wheel. There are news about current affairs, documentaries, music, movies, noncommercial ads and so on on the tv. The tv stations need to make money from commercials between the programs to pay for the programs.
Speaker2 has been having a hard time sleeping lately. He is stressed about his grades and insomnia. Speaker1 suggests taking a yoga class or learning some relaxation techniques.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are dancing to the music. Speaker1 invites Speaker2 for the next dance. Speaker2 is not much of a dancer, but he loves the waltz and tango.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering what to do on saint valentine's day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the gym tonight. Speaker2 will join them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for interesting articles in today's newspapers. There is a feature article in the chronicle about doing business in China and a report in the daily news about the special economic zone near pairs. In the classifieds one of Speaker1's competitors is thinking of moving into that market. There have been several letters printed in the Chronicle regarding the controversial article on drugs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a drink to the new bar across the road.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a trip to the yellow mountains during the spring break.
Speaker1 is applying for a library card. He is a student from out of state and doesn't have a local driver's license. He will bring the most recent phone and electricity bill with his completed application.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are tired after a late night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a great time in little Italy.
Speaker1 can't take the rosary from his cousin.
Speaker2 has just had his new poems published. His brother is going to study in Britain to study.
Speaker1's particular interest is collecting stamps.
Speaker2 didn't show up to Speaker1's concert last night. He had an accident and is fine, but the other guy in his car is in critical condition.
Speaker2 won't pass the quiz in the last quiz, because he often skip his classes.
Speaker2 bought a silver gray handset. He changed the case for it.
Speaker1's and Speaker2's favourite TV shows are variety shows.
Speaker1 informs Speaker2 that the library will be open on Saturday from 9 am to 6 pm.
Speaker2 is a friend of Helen's. Speaker1 will get some punch for them.
Speaker1 heard through the grapevine that Michael will become the new sales manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are dancing to a waltz.
Speaker1 is a back - packer from America. He's been to almost half of all the countries over the world and wants to be a back- packer.
Speaker1 finds philosophy boring. Speaker2 finds it tedious.
Speaker1 will borrow Speaker2's cds for the school dance. Speaker2 will rent them from Speaker1 for the night and buy back any damaged ones.
Speaker1 wants to know what happened.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for ages. Speaker1 has been out of town.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the theatre. They will take the bus to get to it.
Speaker2 arrived here last night. He's been to England, France, Germany, Italy, Italy and Spain. His holiday will last for two weeks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Sarah gave up her decision to marry dick.
Speaker1 has seen Bill Gate's house on the internet but he wouldn't want to live there. His house has its own library, theatre, swimming pool, guest house, and a guest house. His dream home is a small cottage in a quite village in England.
Speaker2 had a punishment in his college many years ago, but it was for something else.
David didn't clean the room. Speaker2 was told his girlfriend was speaking ill of him, which made him disappointed.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will attend an information session about the students' union on Tuesday. They will apply for it.
Speaker2 likes his job as an editor. He is getting along with his colleagues and he will enjoy working with them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a mozart and beethoven concert at the festival hall.
Speaker2 is from a big family with seven children and his parents are college professors. He has four children in his family and his grandparents can never get their names right. There is a 18 - year gap between the oldest and youngest child in his and Speaker1's family.
Speaker1 has a hard time at his job. His colleagues quickly get promotions and he gets sidelined. His boss is not happy with his performance. Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss Abraham Lincoln and his presidency.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch a classical movie on Sunday.
Speaker1 has a problem with spicy food. He stayed in Sichuan for a year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the government's reform efforts.
Speaker2 drank too much last night at a banquet given by a Chinese colleague's colleague. He was forced to drink.
Speaker1 and speaker2 are freezing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen dick for two weeks, because dick has been sick since he came back from Italy.
Speaker1 wants to know how the business is.
Speaker1 and Kathy haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has just opened her own restaurant. She used to hate cooking, but now she loves it. She went to California to study.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are unhappy with the view of the sea from their new place.
Speaker1 sells used cars. Speaker2 used to date sheryl, his roommate.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 remember the old man who used to beg for money on the street across from their house. He got a job and now he owns a small grocery in town.
Speaker1 will get a lift in Speaker2's car. The car is old.
Speaker1 is a regular member of this club. He shot a 78 today, including 5 birdies.
It was Margaret's birthday yesterday, but Speaker1 forgot about it. Jane invited Speaker2 for dinner to a new restaurant which opened near them. Margaret ordered a birthday cake, which they forgot about. The manager came to apologize and they got free dessert. Speaker2 got an ipad as a birthday present.
Speaker1 will meet with professor Speaker2 on Saturday at 3 pm in his office.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing a traditional Chinese gambling game called making.
Speaker1 is from Russia and Speaker2 is from Japan. They both agree that English is a difficult language.
There was a problem with the plane last Thursday. There were few passengers on flight 198.
Speaker1 is trying to solve one of the worlds greatest mysteries. He has done a lot of research, built studies and read the literature. His theory is irrefutable.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's trip to Hong Kong has been cancelled because of the sars epidemic.
Speaker1 doesn't know where his better half is.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are preparing a birthday party for Billy. They have made the birthday cake, put the party hats on the table for each child and put up the big " happy birthday" sign. There are enough food and drinks for the whole party.
Speaker2 needs to return the books that are two weeks late. The late fee is 25 cents a day.
Speaker2 spent the weekend at the beach with his parents. He jogged up and down the beach and played volleyball. The water was too cold for him to swim.
Speaker1 needs to leave class early today to go to the airport to pick up a relative. He will have someone take notes for him.
Speaker1's mom's cake looks delicious.
Speaker2's manager made a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them, he blamed them on Speaker2. Speaker2 didn't do anything about it, because there is a lot of bad blood between him and his manager. He will live with it until he gets a promotion.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were late for the flag-raising ceremony. They are supposed to stand quietly until the ceremony is over.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having lunch at the sidewalk snack booth. Speaker1 is fed up with the bland food he eats at work. Speaker2 likes the food sold in the snack booth and is satisfied with it. He will pay the bill for the company's lunch. They will go to the McDonald's.
Speaker1 saw Lily for the first time and fell in love with her. He has a date with her on Friday. Speaker2 suggests taking her for a dinner or a movie. There is a play on campus this weekend. He also suggests going on a picnic.
Speaker1 wants to make sure that whatever they do is above board.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing a book that has pictures of interesting building from all over the world.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's company has joined the union.
Speaker1 has a new shirt. He bought it on a street market.
Speaker1 is fed up with Jack because he is weak and always eats dirt.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Julia Roberts' acting and personality.
Speaker1 has been smoking for over a year and has been addicted to smoking for 7 years. He tried to quit last month, but he still smokes.
Speaker1 has bought a new trivia game about the Oscars.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the biggest environment problem in their country is air pollution.
Speaker1 wants you to keep these books for half a month.
Speaker2 hocked his stereo last week. He had just enough money to make ends meet until payday. Last Wednesday he received a phone bill of $ 195.00. His brother had used Speaker2's phone earlier this month to call his girlfriend, who was 3000 miles away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a movie last Saturday. They saw "Police partners" but Speaker2 didn't like it. They went to dance club.
Speaker1 informs that the boy threw up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the newlyweds.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the new song by the Beastie Boys.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting bob in advertising.
Speaker1 has moved Speaker2's books from his seat.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to stay at home this weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy that the ambulance got him to hospital in time.
Speaker1 doesn't know why she married him as he doesn't see eye to eye with her.
Speaker2 is happy with his new car and has no regrets.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to an outdoor concert by the river tomorrow at one pm. They will meet for lunch at eleven thirty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't understand her because she's speaking french.
Speaker1 had a part - time job in a pizza restaurant when he was still in school. He stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Speaker1 ordered a dish about a half an hour ago, but it hasn't arrived yet. Speaker2 checked with the kitchen and it will come next.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the weather in Beijing and Washington.
Speaker1 got Michelle's report this morning. Speaker2 is joining the conference today.
Speaker1 is very proud of John.
Speaker2 had a cavity filled today. It hurt a lot, but the worst part was getting numbed. The dentist had to give him 3 shots. He doesn't have dental insurance.
Speaker1 doesn't dare to go, because it's dangerous.
Speaker1 wants to find out who did the stupid thing.
Speaker1 sends Speaker2 the leads from last week's exhibit as a trade show. There are about forty hot leads. The rest are mildly interested.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will spend the spring festival together in Beijing.
Speaker1 wants to go camping for the weekend. Speaker2 wants to see a movie.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are thanking each other for their help during their stay in China.
Speaker1 would like to join a basketball team, but he's afraid it will take too much time.
Monica's presentation at the meeting was successful and everyone was impressed by her speech.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the concert by bike. Speaker2's father gave him a new 10 speed cycling mountain bike for his birthday. The brakes on the bike are sticky, so Speaker1 will fix them.
Speaker2 finished school last Friday. She will go to university in September, but it depends on her a level results.
Speaker1 wants to retire rich. He wants to invest in stocks. Speaker2 agrees with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been talking to each other.
Speaker1's birthday is in December just before Christmas. Speaker2's daughter's birthday will be next week. Speaker1 will think of a birthday present for his son's birthday in April.
Speaker1's husband is helpful, but not as helpful as Speaker2 thinks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the latest generation of video game pad.
Speaker1 went to a cookout last week for new professors at dean barksdale's home. He was the first one there. Speaker2 will give him a lift to the dinner party at eight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like romance movies. Speaker2's favorite movie is "Sue".
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to discourage people from using their private cars as they produce too much pollution. Speaker2 used to have a car, but once he started using his bicycle to get around, he found that he didn't really need it.
Brian came back from a conference in silicon valley and has been coming to work dressed in jeans and sweatshirts. The working atmosphere on the west coast of California is more relaxed and casual than in the east.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a spin in Speaker2's new car.
Canada's national anthem is ' o canada'. It's the 1st of July.
Speaker1 has a new sports car and wants to know how it's doing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for a meal on Thursday at 6 pm.
Speaker1 was told by joe that he was speaking ill of him.
Speaker2 will change Speaker1's schedule to keep both classes at the same time for him.
Speaker2 doesn't like the way his jeans sag down. He prefers to wear boxers instead.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will send Mr. li some flowers on the 27th of teachers' day.
Speaker1 will never work with him again. Speaker2 will take his materials back from him for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that susan got married.
Speaker1 wants to know what Speaker1 thinks of his behaviour yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like watching the winter olympic games. Speaker2's favourite winter sport is figure skating. Speaker1 likes the olympics for the disabled and the Paralympic Games.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Jerry's new school.
Speaker1 didn't turn in his homework today because he was sick. He has already missed one other assignment. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet in the next class meeting.
Speaker1 wants to buy this now and bring it with them.
Speaker2 didn't wear make - up this morning and he looks pale.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Nancy for not going to the park with them.
Speaker2 has been reading a book called ' the power of one' since last night. He and Speaker1 haven't read a book like that for as long as they can remember.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to stop seeing each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the panda.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the party tonight. Speaker2 bought a dress on sale at the department store.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched a depressing film. The film was about a married couple who had to live with the wife's mother because they didn't have enough money to buy a house of their own. The husband had to work overtime three times a week and couldn't sleep. He used to take two sleeping pills every night. He had a nervous breakdown and had to go to hospital.
Speaker1 finds that every employee here respects their manager very much.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about Anna's looks.
There is a festival called duanwu in China called dragon boat festival. It is celebrated to commemorate a great patriotic poet of China  qu yuan.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss David Peckham's appeal to the fans.
Speaker2 went on a date with John. He is tall and slim, fair - haired, smart and has a great sense of humor. He will call her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking forward to the new semester. There will be a new english teacher this semester. They hope they will do better.
Speaker1 likes the settings and wants to look at wedding rings.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have both been doing well. Speaker2 is in school at Pcc.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a great weekend at the beach. They would like to come back next weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the bookshop together to buy a book.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what they would do if they had a lot of money.
Speaker2 and her husband can't afford to live in the slums. They want to buy a house, but they don't have the money. There are ways to find cheaper houses. Speaker1's sister - in - law bought a 75-year - old house from the government.
Speaker1 will come over to Speaker2 around ten o'clock.
Speaker2 attends the church of Jesus Christ of the JESUS CHRIST of the latter day saints. He believes that after the death of Christ and the apostles 10, the church christ founded became corrupt and the authority of christ on earth was lost to men. In 1830 a prophet named Joseph Smith was brought up by god to restore the church.
Speaker2 is going to Europe in three weeks. He needs to renew his passport, go to the travel agency to buy his plane ticket and figure out what to do with his apartment. He will sublet it to an old colleague, Jim Thomas, who is coming here to do some research this summer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that Bill Clinton is a good president, but they don't like his sex scandal.
Speaker1 will get married by the end of this month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in love with each other. They are going to break up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 find Jane's figure and eyes beautiful.
Speaker2 bought a new computer. It's on his desk.
Speaker2's book won a prize for best local history book at the annual book awards. He won $ 200 to spend on books of his choice.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know how to deal with Jack, Lily's boyfriend.
Speaker1 got an acceptance letter to Yale. He has to get a visa, buy a plane ticket and pack his things before he leaves. The freshman orientation is the last week of August, but he will go two weeks before that to get settled in. He will take all the fundamental courses. He hopes to major in english literature.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a play. The actress playing Ophelia is a past classmate of Speaker1's. Speaker1 has seen other plays that the director has directed. After the play, there is a big party for the cast and their friends. Speaker2 and Speaker1 will go to the party.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a party. There is a party held every other week. Each family gives their own performance each time. Speaker1's children like dancing. Speaker2's husband, Benjamin, is on the stage himself. There are exercise facilities in their community. The playground is behind their building.
Speaker1 has just got fired.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new teacher. She teaches english to their class three times a week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to climb a cliff on the yangtze river this weekend. They rappelled down the side of a 300 - foot cliff last week.
Speaker1 was accused of stealing a computer by speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are bored. They don't have any hobbies. Speaker1 likes to doodle on the notepad and play the piano.
Speaker1 doesn't like reading academic books.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing why Speaker1 decided to go for this kind of life.
Speaker1 thinks that they are very good friends.
Speaker2 got a letter in the mail from Nyu. He didn't get accepted.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have high hopes for the German team in the world cup.
Mona and Jim have a new fancy house. Jim is a science fiction writer. Mona used to be an actress and she likes to spend a lot of money. She is also interested in politics. Her uncle is a mayor and she wants to follow in his footsteps.
The grocery store is closed. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the 24-hour grocery store on sixth.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have sold out all the newspapers for today. Many customers didn't want the free gifts, so they will give them to an old man.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the fashion shows of top fashion designer like versacci, calvin klein and vivienne westwood.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a good working relationship with their boss, but there was a rough spot.
Speaker2 doesn't like this place, but his mother and father like it very much. They come here almost every month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a great time at the sea water treatment.
Speaker2 will have a small glass of water and no coffee.
Speaker2 didn't go to the roller rink on Saturday because he met a foxy lady at her place. Jim went to the rink with sherry.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to attend the convocation. Speaker2 will have his cap and gown made.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are accusing Speaker2 of telling a lie.
Speaker1 is not a vip and is not going to speak.
Speaker2 is a doctor. Speaker1 is a bus driver.
Speaker2 is happy with her married life. Her husband is supportive with his work and helps around the house. They get to spend a lot of time with each other.
Speaker1 will pay Speaker2 $ 5 for the damage to the book that came off.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want Speaker2 to do that again.
Speaker2 is in a hurry and is going to play in the playground.
Speaker2 has a new business phone. It has wireless internet access and bluetooth.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for lunch at Bill's seafood restaurant on 7th street at 12:30 pm.
Speaker1 wants to find out what are the good sights to see in Beijing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are congratulating Tom on winning the nobel prize.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't imagine a boat letting in the river.
Speaker2 has had a bad cold for three days and can't get rid of it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy to hear that the promotion campaign for their new product has been successful and they made a record sale this season.
Speaker2 gets a bonus each month depending on the value of the contracts he signs with clients. They have an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1. They can take coffee breaks during the day. Most of the time they put information onto computers. Speaker1 works in a cubicle.
Speaker1's washing machine doesn't work. He needs a new one.
Speaker1 didn't like his brother batting around and not doing anything useful.
Speaker2 has just got back from London. His flight was 10 hours long and there was a lot of turbulence. He had a layover in Paris and France. He bought two boxed of chocolate in the duty - free stores.
Speaker2 was born in Beijing, but he spent most of his childhood in London. His parents taught at an university. He graduated from university of Newcastle upon Tyne with a degree in cross culture communication. His current occupation is a teacher.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't understand why some parents keep complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 find Jane's figure and eyes beautiful.
Speaker2 bought a scarf yesterday. She will wear it with a blue sweater and a pair of pearl earrings.
Speaker2 has a camera in his coat pocket. He wants to take pictures of the inside of his pocket.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's teacher is strict and strict.
Speaker1 tells Speaker2 to take it easy. Speaker2 is angry.
Speaker2 has been studying at the campus for three years. He is disappointed with the old campus.
Speaker1 has a new boss. He has dark hair and brown eyes, and he has a white sports car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think Tony looks handsome in the suit.
The aliens are sending a message to Mulder. Speaker2 got a pager for work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how to send short messages to people who are always closing their handsets to save phone charge.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are applying for the advanced geology course next semester. Speaker2 is a junior, but Speaker1 will let him enroll.
Speaker1 had a dream of becoming a lawyer when he was a little boy.
Speaker1 is afraid he is going to fail his english test. He thinks his vocabulary and reading comprehension are not very bad.
Speaker1 wants to know Speaker2's method of learning to speak English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about old mc donald, who got married to his 84-year-old wife. He is her sixth husband.
Speaker2 has forgotten to wind up his watch. He will turn on the tv and set his watch by it.
Speaker2 finished school last Friday. She will go to university in September, but it depends on her a level results.
Speaker1 is nervous about the oral test.
Speaker2's boyfriend is leaving her. She's getting over it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to climb storeys to get home every day.
Speaker1 will be coming to Jane's house this evening. He will take the underground to high street kensington and take the exit to Horntown Road. He needs to turn left into philimore was and then take the next right to get to the library.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other before. Speaker2's mom has a membership here. He wants to become like bruce lee.
Speaker1's wife is boring, but Speaker2 has an idea.
Alex is going to the olympic stadium to watch the 400m relay. He will also watch the triple jump and the high jump. Speaker1 wants Alex to get some autographs for him.
Speaker1 is worried about the exam. He doesn't know what to write down on it. Speaker1's notes are nonsense. Speaker2 will help him with taking notes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 hate this kind of weather. There was a weather who said there was no such thing as bad weather.
Speaker2 buys a computer magazine every month. There is an online edition of the magazine, but you can only access it if you have a subscription.
Speaker1 is looking for a parking space on the campus. Speaker2 tells him to go to the western side of the campus and find the parking structure.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for tickets for tonight's concert. All the tickets have been sold out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sick of waiting for a bus. A taxi is too expensive.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can do 30 push - ups a minute.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for seats in the rear mezzanine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the social problems the government should focus on. Speaker2's idea is to provide money for homeless people to build their own homes. Speaker1 doesn't think it's a good idea.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are disappointed with Ben's performance.
Speaker1 has a temperature of 41 degrees celsius, a headache, a runny nose, a stomach ache and a toothache. He took the red and white tablets just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch. He will drink some water and eat some soup. Speaker2 will get an ointment for his nose.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met last week at the conference. Speaker2 is in the neighbourhood and his office is right around the corner.
Speaker1 and Kathleen are in love with each other.
Speaker1 wants to know who watched the old - fashioned wrestling game last night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know which team won.
Dan got a divorce. His relationship with Sally came to a sticky end.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are speaking French and Spanish.
Mike promised to help Speaker1 and Speaker2, but they can't trust him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the environment issues in their countries. The biggest issue in Speaker2's country is water conservation. In Speaker1's country, water is rationed and they can only use a certain amount each month. air pollution is a big issue in his country.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have gatorade and water for the match. They will choose the backups from the backups. Speaker1 will play shooting guard, Speaker2 will play inside. The cheer section is coming.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are forming a rock band. Speaker2 will audition for the band this weekend at Speaker1's house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema tonight to see "Summer in Beijing" at 8 o'clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have both watched Beijing opera once.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go boating tomorrow afternoon. They will meet at the gate of the park.
Speaker1 invites Speaker2 to dance with him, but Speaker2 can't dance.
Speaker1 wants to buy new shoes as a Christmas present for his dad.
Speaker1's and Speaker2's hobbies are sports.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the topic of animal rights on TV last night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been busy and haven't had time to talk.
Speaker1 is getting a tattoo. He wants to get a dragon on his arm or a tiger on his back.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to enjoy Speaker1's wife's cooking.
Speaker1 didn't see Speaker2 at work this morning. Speaker2 has a bad cold. He has seen a doctor and he prescribed him some tablets. Speaker1 will get him a book or magazine.
Speaker1 is looking for the music book. It's on Speaker2's desk.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go shopping together on Saturday morning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are fans of hip hop music.
Speaker2 will return a book to the library in two weeks. He will check out some books.
Speaker1 is going to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon. Speaker2 is watching the game. Speaker1 wants to exchange gifts for better ones.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the seashore on Saturday. They want to go sailing and water skiing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Valentine's Day.
Speaker1 is going to give a speech in front of a thousand people. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy a suit for him.
Speaker1 is tired of western food. He misses his mother's sichuan cooking. He has tried to get used to western food, but he finds it too heavy.
Speaker1's elder aunt feels like vomiting because she is pregnant.
Speaker1 has got a raise.
Speaker1 believes that every year the south has the floods. Speaker2 has other ideas.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think Vince's programmer is spying on them for webtracker.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on her wedding to Freddy.
Speaker1 would like to borrow a few dollars from Speaker2.
Speaker2 has been living in guangzhou for four months now. His girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone when he first arrived.
The pool is open now. It's the end of the school year and the beginning of summer.
Speaker2 has been playing the violin for about ten years. Speaker1 collects matchbox.
Speaker1 invites Speaker2 to the party. Speaker2 is late, but he will help himself to some flowers and a new couch.
Speaker2 is going to the cafeteria downstairs. Speaker1 has some urgent work to finish and needs a takeaway.
Speaker2 has lost his dissertation. He has been working on it for a whole month and it's too late to write another one.
Speaker1 is from Kathmandu and Speaker2 is from Katmandu.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see the doctor this weekend.
Speaker1 has waited a long time for the start.
Speaker2 has a new job. He has a nice secretary, a large office and a company car.
Speaker1 has to leave as it's four o'clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy a new pair of trousers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are new students at the Ymca. Speaker2 had his first lesson this morning. Speaker1 has been here for six months. Speaker 2 has been there for only a week. He is in intermediate three and Speaker1 is in advanced one. They are both staying at the ymca at the moment, but Speaker1's friend has a spare room in the apartment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to leave school at the end of the term. Speaker2 is going to work as a clerk in an office. Speaker1 wants to be a vet.
Speaker1 didn't get a raise, but he got promoted.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see an art exhibition at the Taipei Modern Art Museum tomorrow. They will buy the tickets at the ticket booth in the center of the museum. The exhibition is on the second floor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't care about her looks, because she's pretty.
Speaker1 and Jenny are going to the bank together. Speaker1 will go to Japan for business for 5 days next Tuesday. Speaker2 will cash some checks and withdraw money from the bank.
Speaker2 will transfer to a new school tomorrow. He is nervous because he won't know anybody at that school.
Speaker1, Speaker2, Jane, susan, pete and two colleagues from work are going for a curry on Friday at 8 o'clock. They are going to the restaurant on the corner with Oxford Street.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think modern painting means nothing and is pointless.
Speaker1 is upset with Bob for forgetting their wedding anniversary.
Speaker1 wants to meet with Speaker1 tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a super junior concert last night. Their new album is number one on the billboard. Speaker1 will buy their new album.
Speaker1 is a visitor from China and loves Speaker2's music. Speaker2 wrote the songs for the first time today. He is a regular singer in his band and also sings regularly in several other places.
Tom is sick of Jenny's brother, but he likes Jenny.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 thank Linda for the Christmas dinner.
Speaker2 doesn't drink black tea. He only drinks green tea.
Speaker1's Chinese friends told him that the spring festival is coming soon. It's the Chinese new year. Speaker2 tells him about it.
Speaker1 will lend his bike to Speaker2 until the end of the week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting for a drink tonight at 7.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were supposed to meet at the theater at five to seven, but Speaker2 was waiting for Speaker1 at the apartment. They will go and watch the movie instead.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a family tradition of filling the Christmas stockings for little children.
Speaker1 didn't get any pizza. Only a small one was left.
Speaker1 will put his jacket on the seat next to Speaker2. Speaker2 is from Taiwan, but he lives in taichung now. Speaker1 is going back to the US to visit his family for the second time in two years.
Speaker1 has talked about sue's restaurant business with his friends. One of his friends is on good terms with sue.
Speaker2 got married five years ago. She met her husband at work.
Speaker2's new movie is a psychological thriller about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders. He plays the part of the detective. Speaker2 has had disagreement with other actors and with the director. He didn't do his own stunts in the movie.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the autumn and winter.
Speaker1 wants to borrow fifty dollars from Speaker2. Speaker2 doesn't have enough money. Speaker1 is not disciplined enough to follow a budget.
Speaker1 was supposed to meet with Speaker2 at half past one, but two of his classes occur at the same time. Speaker2 will fix the error and Speaker1 will keep both classes.
Speaker2 has not started his report yet. He is having a hard time getting the information.
Speaker1 congratulates speaker1 on winning a car.
Speaker1 sends Paul his regards.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's Chinese is coming along better than their own.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want Speaker2 to go to the doctor now.
Speaker2 has to go to New York for three days and will be back tomorrow morning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at a man swimming in the cold sea.
David has been fired by his boss.
Speaker1 wants to know if sailing is fun.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are both crazy about Mary.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go out for dinner tonight. Speaker2's parents are coming to town on Saturday and Speaker1 wants to take them to dinner.
Speaker2 will be studying at Nottingham university for about a year. He has a housing contract with the university and will be staying in a dorm room on campus. His father has already paid for the living costs.
Speaker1 is tired of western food. He misses his mother's sichuan cooking. He has tried to get used to western food, but he finds it too heavy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met at a party last week. They are both from the United States. Speaker1 lives in London, but his family lives in Seattle. Speaker2 lives in Wimbledon, which is close to the tennis courts. He plays tennis there every week.
Speaker1 wants to say that he loves Nancy, but she's not ready for it.
Speaker1 will use Speaker2's laptop for a while. He will check his emails, visit his favorite websites and chat with his friends. There are no wi - fi hotspots around, so he will have to wait till he gets home.
Speaker1 was dumped by femi. Speaker2 wants Speaker1 to talk to her.
Speaker1 has sent Speaker2 a gold watch as a birthday present.
Speaker2 is going to transfer to a new school tomorrow. He is nervous about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched a science program last night. There might be water on mars and they may live there someday. The US successfully sent two robotic explorers to mars last month.
Speaker2 went to play tennis in the public park yesterday. He plays tennis twice a week. Speaker1 seldom plays tennis, he prefers football and basketball. He usually plays with his schoolmates.
Speaker1 is going to the park to play baseball with the guys. Speaker2 wants to play chess with him. Speaker1 will skip tv and work on his chess game with him tonight.
Speaker1 doesn't know how to tell her about this. Speaker2 tries to cheer him up.
Speaker1 is anne smith, her colleague, anna duncan, and Angela lamb are on her right.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are waking up to a beautiful morning.
Speaker1 has been a little depressed lately.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's class is over. Speaker2 is tired, because he has been sitting for three hours. His score was relinquished because he filled the school column with his name and his score was taken away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new baby. It's Speaker2's first grandchild and his first nephew.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are fed up with people who keep a straight face in front of them and smile.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet at the coffee shop after work at 5.30 to discuss the plans for Speaker1's new house.
Speaker1 found the chocolate cake delicious.
Speaker2's parents stress him out because they want him to get married and get a better job. He sometimes goes out with his friends to relieve the stress.
Speaker1 is thinking about applying to a public school or a private school.
Speaker2's family is in the United States now, but they were from Costa Rica originally.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a crush on gucci, who is the cheerleader at their school.
Speaker2 doesn't like ancient egypt because he doesn't enjoy history.
Speaker2 went to Yale university and studied economics. He is twenty-seven years old and he has worked in a bank for the last years.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's children are in a private school.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for tickets for tonight's performance. The balcony is still available.
Speaker1 wants to talk to Kevin.
Speaker2 came to the company two years ago after he graduated from college. It is his first job. He finds it very busy.
Speaker2 is watching tv and not cleaning his teeth.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for Cindy. Cindy told Speaker1 about him in their gym class.
Speaker1 will take the seat that was taken.
Speaker2 will watch basketball, football, table tennis, tennis and skiing on tv. Speaker1 will play tennis with him.
Speaker2 is going to move to a better house near his office. He has a lot of stuff to move. He will call a mover and leave everything for the movers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have dinner.
Speaker1 got the invite to a party and wants to go.
Speaker2 forgot to hand in the map of Africa, which should have been handed in last Thursday. His mother has been ill and he had to stay at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a place to register in Pacific Pavilion.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a restaurant to celebrate Speaker2's new tickets to see the olympic opening ceremony.
Speaker1 is sure that the boy will become nobody when he grows up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are burying Taylor. Speaker2 will tell Speaker1 all about it another day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 enjoyed the funeral of their father. Speaker2 will give a speech at Speaker1's funeral too.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a way to tell a fake ancient coin from a real one.
The stockholders voted unanimously to block the merger of Speaker1's company with blycore.
Speaker1 congratulates Alison on her win in the race.
Speaker1 failed his exam. Speaker1 will come over to Speaker2's house and have fun.
Speaker1 wants to know if Speaker2 loves him. Speaker2 didn't answer his question.
Speaker1 got the invite to a party and wants to go.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a great weekend at the beach. They would like to come back next weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about the parents' meeting on Saturday. Speaker2 didn't do well in the last exams and his father will be angry.
Speaker1 and Mary haven't seen each other for a long time. They are getting married next March.
Speaker1 can't wait to retire and move to Florida to play golf.
Speaker2 got married in a registry office with just two friends as witnesses. She had three parties to celebrate. She and her husband are from two different countries and they live in a third country. They didn't have a traditional wedding. They went on a honeymoon to Africa for their one - year anniversary.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy a birthday present for little Tom.
Speaker1 was followed all the way home by a man. He didn't smile. Speaker1 is scared and will call the police.
James was fired because he got a keep back of 20 thousands dollars from a vender.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet in Starbucks in 30 minutes. They will go for a drink.
Speaker2 and James are getting married in the spring in St. Albans. They are going to buy a flat or a small house in south London.
Speaker1 will dress up as a vampire for Halloween. Speaker2 likes his costume.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet in front of the train station at 6 pm this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the autumn and winter.
Speaker2 hasn't finished his work because he's keeping an eye on the baby.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have the wedding at home on the 2nd. They will fly to Hawaii on a honeymoon package from Texas.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the recent scientific breakthroughs in the science magazine. Speaker1 doesn't like cloning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will not meet for lunch this Saturday. Speaker2 has a volunteer work at the children's hospital.
Speaker1 wants to know if Speaker2 loves him. Speaker2 didn't answer his question.
Jim is a teacher, but he makes a little money on the side repairing cars in his free time.
Speaker2 sent Speaker1 a message saying he wants to kill himself.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to talk.
Speaker2's fourth grade teacher was miss baymler. She was patient, kind, fun, smart, caring and strict. She didn't have a teacher's pet. She got married and moved to another city. She started writing a children's book.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know her, but they think they know her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to listen to Kenny williams for today's weather forecast. There is a lot of cloud cover in northern Utah and scattered showers throughout the day, with a high of forty - five degrees. There will be some isolated downpours in the morning. In Salt Lake City, the rain will turn to sleet in the evening. In the south, there will be partly cloudy skies with a chance of showers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what happened to John.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what the important day is today.
Frank is getting married to a girl he met on holiday in Spain.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to join the drama club.
Speaker1 didn't expect to see Speaker2 at this hour. Speaker2 goofed off again and he will probably get the bag.
Speaker1 and Bob had an argument.
Speaker1 has absolute proof that you committed the crime.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for the cat that broke the glass.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has been to New York. He got back yesterday. He will show Speaker1 some photographs.
Speaker2 lost a lot of money on his business on the internet this year. Speaker1 is going to find a good company and invest in it soon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's pants are too baggy for them to go out together.
Speaker1 is a freelance english teacher. Speaker2 is looking for a job in the it field. He has sent his CV to dozens of companies but nobody has got back to him yet. He doesn't have a clear objective in his resume. Speaker1 will help him update it tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't like the party.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting tonight at the Thai restaurant at 5. Speaker2 will take a taxi to get to the restaurant.
Speaker1 will come to see Speaker1 tomorrow.
Speaker2 is coughing a lot in the evening. He needs something to keep him awake at work. He has to give up smoking.
Speaker1 was late last night because his mother was ill and he had to look after her.
Speaker1 is fed up with the rush - hour traffic. Speaker2 recommends him to ride a bike instead of commuting by bus.
Bob is at home painting. He enjoys oil painting.
Speaker1's email address is bulldog 123. Speaker2's mailing address is 456 Cherry Drive, Pasadena, CA 91170.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to come over to his house right now. Speaker2 is paranoid and wants to be on guard.
Speaker1's major is from a bigger city. He brings talented people from his former city.
Yolanda has been studying every night this week for the exam.
Speaker1 dropped in to say goodbye to Speaker2. Speaker1 is leaving at ten o'clock.
Speaker2 likes music with a fast beat and is lively. He likes classical music. He listens to mozart or bach in the evening after a hard day at work. He should listen to classical music often.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new teacher. She teaches english to their class three times a week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about the cold and snow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 hope the host team will lose.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Speaker2's new watch. It has a double time zone setting.
Speaker1's daughter will quit her job and look for a new one. Speaker2 wants to get married and start a family.
Speaker1 wants to know what people think of the plan for the new airport.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing with Dan and Jane.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's brother in - law dropped in from the states. Speaker2 decided to put him up while he's here. He's lazy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going home earlier because of the evening rush.
Speaker2 is going to Bill's house. He will help him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy about their roommate's move today.
Speaker1 is looking for an apartment off campus. Speaker2 is living in no. 4 dorm.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema tonight to see a romantic film. Speaker2 prefers thrillers.
Speaker2 is waiting for someone to put gas in his car at a self - service pump at a gas station in Taiwan. It's a first for him.
Speaker1 overslept because his alarm clock didn't go off this morning. He will buy a new one.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a forest in the suburb for a picnic on Saturday. They will go to a river and do fishing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for some time. Speaker1 is going to see his uncle.
Speaker2 was turned down for a date again. He has been trying to date american girls for a long time.
It's raining heavily outside. Speaker2 had to hurry to get to work, so she will go ahead of Speaker1 in line. Speaker1 recommends the avocado sandwich, beef salad and milkshakes to Speaker2.
Speaker2 wants to return a book and a video to the library. He has his library card.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the turnover of managerial staff in their company. They discuss the importance of supervisors.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to hurry up, because time is money.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about John and the children.
Speaker1's hair is hanging down in his face. He doesn't like it, but he will go to a hairdresser who is cute.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are celebrating the university's fifties anniversary. Speaker2 will see dean Lee first.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like summer the best.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on his promotion, but Speaker2 hates having to leave and work abroad.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a look around Speaker2's house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think it was dick who did the stupid thing.
Jack wonders if Linda likes him. He's too scared to ask her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in the mountains after a hustle bustle week. They are going to walk by the stream and find the waterfall on the map.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Anna, who is pregnant and wearing Prada.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will see each other again.
Speaker2 is a student at Boston university studying english, math and history. His major is english. He has been studying it for more than six years. His English is good, but he doesn't speak very well. Speaker1 is having a party tonight at his apartment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think children watch too much tv. They advise Speaker1 to put a limit on the amount of tv they can watch and find something else for them to do.
Speaker1 wants to take dr. miller's class next semester. Speaker2 likes him because he was funny and he graded hard.
Speaker1 and Pat haven't seen each other for a long time. Last week, they went out for a couple of beers. Matt saw a mouse run under his chair and he started screaming.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch the championship game tonight.
Speaker1 warned Speaker2 that he was too close to the fire place. Speaker2 didn't notice.
Speaker1 is going to give an end - of - the - unit test on Friday. Speaker2 will review all the lessons in the unit and mark the places which they don't understand. They will have a coaching period tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the benefits and drawbacks of working for the federal government.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about the view.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Carl's new job. Carl doesn't like it.
Speaker1 is going to miss next week's class. He has made arrangements with a friend to help him.
Speaker1 had a terrible row with his boss. Speaker2 wants him to apologize.
Speaker1 can't catch up with his Chinese teacher. He should take an additional course in some Chinese schools.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a bar tomorrow night and try to find Speaker2 a girlfriend. Speaker2 doesn't like pick - up lines.
Speaker1 doesn't want to tell his dad what to do.
Speaker1 is betting on the New York yankees to win. Speaker2 is against the yankee.
Speaker1 had a wonderful evening.
Speaker1 is amazed at how fast the car can accelerate.
Speaker2 is not happy with his job. He needs a holiday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are feeling dizzy.
Speaker2 is going to graduate this summer and will return to China after that.
Speaker2 has been working overtime every day without a break for the last two weeks. He's working for minimum wage. His boss has complete control over their work schedules. They don't give him extra pay for overtime. They give him a bonus of ten dollars.
Speaker1 took part in a Chinese contest and won a trip to China. He doesn't have to pay for the trip.
Speaker1 sent Speaker2 a pen and some paper.
Speaker1 gets sick on a cigarette and asks Speaker2 to put it out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to figure out where Canada is and where Mexico is.
Shakespeare was born in 1867, but Speaker1 and Speaker2 are not sure about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having several friends over for dinner on Saturday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are making a presentation on china. They need to talk about the size of the country, its population and geography. They will select five cities from each part and give data for each one.
Speaker2 wants to buy a big house. He can get a loan from the bank.
Speaker1 has a new assistant. Speaker2 is not impressed with her.
Speaker1 will call Speaker1 tomorrow.
Speaker1 needs to find a parking space on the campus. Speaker2 went to the parking structure early this morning and it was empty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that money is not happiness. They wonder why so many rich people commit suicide.
Speaker1 was scared of giving her first performance.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the weather in their hometowns. Speaker2 likes summer and winter in Seattle and Boston.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are fed up with the noise next door. They are going to play the cd loud to drown it out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are selling their new shirts. Speaker2 is not interested in fashion.
Speaker2 has a lot of blood on his face because he killed a pigeon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 spend a lot of time online. Their company doesn't have a return policy on personal use of internet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw a foreign film called ' gone with the wind' last night. Speaker1 thought it was good.
Speaker1 likes the sweater of speaker1.
Speaker1 had a terrible week. He fell down and hurt his arm, his son drove into a tree, his dog bit the delivery boy, and a storm blew his roof away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had the same dream when they were little. Speaker2 wanted to be a pilot. Speaker1 wants to be an interpreter.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been waiting for each other for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a run tomorrow. Speaker2 will come to Speaker1's around 6.30.
Michelle will use the photocopier. The Lawson contract is going to be confirmed on Wednesday.
Speaker1 hasn't seen Speaker2's father in 5 years. His father started feeling weak about a year ago. Speaker2 thinks it's because his father didn't take care of himself during his youth.
This afternoon's meeting is cancelled. Speaker1 sent out a notice about it. Bean sent Speaker2 a lot of forwards.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the theatre tomorrow night instead of tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the new television channel is a waste of time.
Speaker2's country is a little over half a million square kilometers. There are about 30 million people in his country, most of them live in the north. The average income is about two thousand dollars a month.
Speaker1 has an appointment with Speaker2 tonight, but Speaker2 is occupied tonight.
The murderer was sentenced to life imprisonment for murdering a man.
Speaker1 is standing in front of an exquisite work of art that is worth about 80 million dollars.
Speaker1 will be seeing Speaker1 around.
Speaker1 asks speaker1 to fill out the form.
Speaker1 has made a few friends and will go to Pam Franklin's house on Saturday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a new candy shop that opened last week. They want to buy a lot of candy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will come back to the hotel at seven.
Speaker2 is a tourist in Shanghai and wants to take a seat from Speaker1.
Speaker2's car is broken and he's waiting for a tow - truck. His wife is coming to pick him up. Speaker1 lives downtown with his parents.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are celebrating Mary's birthday. They are going to have a cup of tea and sing happy birthday to her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a symphony concert. It's Speaker1's first time to go to a concert. Speaker2 has been to a few symphony concerts in the US.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't agree with the number one new year's resolution to spend more time with friends and family.
Speaker1's watch has been gaining and losing time these last few days.
Speaker2 doesn't study with the radio on as he listens to background music.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like the Harry Potter books and movies but Speaker2 doesn't.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about their boyfriends.
Speaker1 wants to borrow one of Amy's pens.
Speaker1 is from the plains of the midwest. He experienced an earthquake and a few tornados when he was a kid. His father's car was destroyed in a flood.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been studying for tomorrow's history exam since early this morning. They will take a break and listen to some music together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see a new film together. The film will start at 2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a picnic with their friends for Speaker2's birthday. They will throw a party at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a sunset in the car.
Speaker1 will call Speaker2 sometime next week and they will meet again.
Speaker1 is going to have her first baby next Sunday. She will hold a baby shower. Tom will come.
Speaker1 is a fan of Wanton marsalis. Speaker2 likes rock music a lot.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about the movie they saw. Speaker2 wants to take Speaker1 back home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are fed up with Mary the dog.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new teacher. She teaches english to their class three times a week.
Tom didn't enjoy his lunch, because the chicken in his sandwich was underdone. Speaker1's lunch was good, because he ate at home.
Rose's children are all grown up now. Laura is a computer programmer. Rita is a librarian at the public library. Chris is a photographer. Larry drives a truck. Rocky is a pilot. He lives in Colorado.
Sally is an excellent designer. Many of her advertisements are child trains. Sally is single and has a face that would stop a clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to continue with their anatomy class today. They will review everything they have learned. The first major organ in the chest is the heart. The brain is the control center for the body. The lungs provide oxygen to the heart and lungs. The stomach, intestines and intestines are digestive organs. The kidneys, liver and bladder are the other important organs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will study together in an empty classroom in the library tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't agree with the number one new year's resolution to spend more time with friends and family.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play bowling tonight. They will meet at 6:30 at the gate of the club.
John dates her seven times a week. Speaker1 and Speaker2 think he's fallen for her.
Speaker2 is going to study for one year abroad and take some university courses there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a concert the day before. The conductor was Menuhin, a descendent of Russian immigrants. He is also a legendary violinist. He gave a performance of Felix Mendelssohn's violin concerto.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will not see each other again.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a woman who is over forty.
Speaker1's boss has been giving him a lot to do at work.
Speaker2 is married to a foreigner who is half Chinese and half American. In the first year of their marriage they had a lot of conflicts. They have a two - year - old boy. He speaks mostly English and a few Chinese.
Speaker1 and Jim will go to the gym to play singsong and meet some of their friends. They will also ask Mary and Sally to go dancing with them.
Speaker2 has a new car. Speaker1 wants to see it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go for an outing to the suburbs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see the pandas at the zoo.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about Taylor. Taylor's boyfriend, Bryan, wanted to toss the football.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on the plane. Speaker1 will take the seat near the window. Speaker2 will take a seat on the aisle. They will put their luggage in the overhead compartment and under the seat.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 live in a small town. Speaker1 has a big Christmas tree this year and bought the decorations at the five - and - tencent store yesterday. Speaker2 can't come and see it now, because he has to buy a present for his mother.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to take a picture of the garden and the falls.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about Mary.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a first anniversary. Speaker2 will get the book they were talking about for Speaker1.
Speaker2 wants to rent a pinto car for one week from abc rent - a - car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to a Chinese restaurant.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a farm in the countryside near Taipei on Sunday. They will go to the lake over there and try to catch a big fish.
Speaker2 was born in Beijing in 1965.
Speaker1 is going to be vice president of marketing. Vince and Alvin are working for Zina now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a young man who died. Many people attended his viewing. His whole family was there.
Speaker2 needs to review all the text books for the final exam. Most students prepare it one month before the exam. They have to stay up late to study.
Speaker1 wants to know if she made a wish.
Speaker1's good friend Tina has just broken up with her boyfriend. Tina and her ex-boyfriend are working in the same department.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting their new neighbors.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on their way to the library just before the library closes. They are going to take a side street to get there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are throwing a dinner party on Friday. They are going to invite the thompsons, the greens, the anderson, Speaker1's friend andy from the office, and his sister. They will invite thirteen people.
Speaker2 was terrified when he watched them fall from the wire.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the bookshop together to buy a book.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting Landy as a tourist.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for ages.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't dare to look after the children now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a woman who is over forty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a drink to the new bar across the road.
Speaker1 had a terrible week. He fell down and hurt his arm, his son drove into a tree, his dog bit the delivery boy, and a storm blew his roof away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Leo is dating a woman 30 years younger than him.
Speaker1's uncle passed away last night.
Speaker2's house needs a lot of work. He's going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over.
Speaker1 has sent Speaker2 a porcelain vase as a birthday present.
Speaker1 watched the movie Forrest Gump last night. He wants to know which is more important, iq or eq.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 congratulate Mr. Stuart on winning the city marathon. They are proud of him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about Speaker2's decision to quit smoking.
Speaker1 wants to improve his handwriting, but his handwriting is still bad. Speaker2 advises him to be patient.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play football on Saturday morning. They will play two hand touch or flag football.
Speaker2 didn't do well in the competition. He will practice more to improve.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the kings at seven o'clock on Sunday morning.
Speaker1's thesis due date is coming up, but Speaker2 is still working on it. Speaker1 has finished the first draft, but the professor said it's poorly written.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the weather in their hometowns. Speaker2 likes summer and winter in Seattle and Boston.
Speaker2 is angry at his new neighbor.
Speaker2 went hiking in the mountains on Saturday. Speaker1 will try it sometime.
Speaker2 is waiting for a bus and going for a walk in the park in the cold.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't believe that he is running for class president.
Speaker1 wants to go to her favorite clothing shop today to change the shoes she bought from nasi.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't watch the game last night. Spain won two to zero.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch a movie tonight at 7.
Tom has grown six inches within a year. His Adam's apple has become bigger.
Speaker2 doesn't know much about tea.
Speaker1 will book a table for six people for the dinner for the day after tomorrow. The main courses are roast beijing duck, fried eel slices and roast be Beijing duck. The dinner is for eight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are older than each other. Speaker2's birthday is on April 14th.
Speaker1 has booked a table for three at 6:30 pm this evening.
Speaker2 is coughing a lot in the evening. He needs something to keep him awake at work. He has to give up smoking.
Speaker1 wishes good luck on the test tomorrow.
Speaker2 attends an aerobic class three times a week and looks fresh recently.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were scared when she told them that she would marry no man but a dick.
Speaker2's family consists of five people: his father, mother, brother, sister - in - law and himself.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are shocked that the woman didn't call the police because her husband beat her.
Mary's marriage is on the rocks as her husband often made a pass at his secretary.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at a picture of a red double decker bus from London. Speaker2 hasn't taken a bus for a long time because he works in Britain.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have different opinions about the previous manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching the lantern festival. They notice the characters on the lanterns. It's a tradition to solve the puzzles on lanterns as part of the festival.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the mountains with their family this weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the bookshop to buy a textbook for Speaker1's course and some children's books for Sarah.
Mary and Ben have already separated.
Speaker2 is going to take chemistry and physics next year, but he hasn't decided on the other subjects yet. He wants to study english literature.
Speaker1 is fed up with her husband going out drinking with his friends every night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy to have Mr. Green with them.
Speaker1 and his wife are moving in next door to chuck jones and chuck will be their neighbour.
Speaker1 would like to register for a psychology class today. There are two classes still open. The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three. The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10 am to 12 pm.
Speaker2 has fallen in love with her boss. He is not married, but he is still single. He tries to avoid her.
Speaker1 wants to go to the party tonight. He needs someone to accompany him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to wear red underwear for the company dinner tomorrow night. Last year Vivian from accounting won a car.
Speaker1 is going for a walk and won't go to the visiting hours tonight. He needs to come to grips with Taylor's death and prepare a eulogy.
Speaker1 would like to come in, but he needs to be invited.
Speaker2 has a part - time job as a bartender at a bar. He learned how to deal with people from all walks of life.
Tim took the dog for a walk. He left the back door open. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to stay up and go over the household budget. Speaker2 will close the door to the basement.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for 3 years, but they miss each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go back to bed and let santa do his job.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the Los Angeles Lakers' star players. They are discussing which team will win.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to cover themselves with beer to prevent mosquitos from biting them as they are bitten.
Speaker1 and speaker2 are meeting the smiths at the restaurant they are meeting at.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner together tonight. Speaker1 will pick Speaker2 up at 7.30.
Speaker2 went to a global warming rally in London over the weekend. He is an environmentalist. Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the environment.
Speaker1 wants to take a coffee break.
Speaker1 doesn't know whether or not to believe him, but it's important to him.
Speaker1 informs Speaker2 that the library closes at six p.m. on Saturday.
Speaker1 wants to know what it's like to do housework all day for a living. Speaker2 has been doing it for a month and has ten clients.
Speaker1 wants to know who is the victor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. They will grab a bite to eat and catch up.
Mike is going to have a self-driving car and will travel across the country.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were playing a loud stereo system last night. It kept them awake for a couple of hours.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for something.
Speaker1 and Mary will drive the company van for a fundraiser this weekend. The fundraiser is taking place in the hotel ballroom down the street. The van needs to be back on Sunday night. Speaker1 will borrow a few chairs from the lunchroom.
Speaker1 has decided not to rent the house. He will find a house closer to his work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have strawberry shortcake for dessert. Speaker1's sister has been in a car accident. Speaker2 will pick her up from the m40 near reading.
Speaker1 is sick of his job. He has to work late at night and in the office. He can't afford to quit his job until he gets a new one.
Speaker1 gave Diana perfume, but she doesn't wear perfume.
Speaker1 and Kathy don't like traveling for pleasure.
Speaker1 doesn't understand why they are all dressed up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet on Tuesday after 6 pm to check out Speaker1's stereo.
Speaker1 informs Jane is going to quit her job in the bank.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a chat with mrs. Henderson. The new couple next door got a divorce.
John had a heart attack last night. His nephew took him to hospital in time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met before, but they will meet again.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have kebabs and roast squid for a midnight snack.
Speaker2's favorite class this semester was his poli - sci class.
Speaker1 was on pins and needles the whole time as she was waiting for her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at Jane and Ted's party. Speaker1 met Jane last week. Speaker2 is a teacher and a car salesman.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to America.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are jealous of the girl who put a lot of makeup on her face last night. They both know cucumbers are natural healers of the skin.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have some drinks tonight.
Speaker1's brother - in - law married Speaker2's sister ten years ago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy saudi arabian motor oil today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like flowers. Speaker1's favourite flower is forsythia. Speaker2's favorite flower is winter jasmine. They both like plum blossoms.
Speaker1 is a new member of the gym. He wants to learn how to use the weights. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go through the machines with each other today.
Speaker2 has been working at the job for nearly a month. He is busy with the job and a bit tired.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 enjoyed their dinner. Speaker2 will not have any more rice or another piece of meat pie.
Speaker1 has an appointment for half past one. He has two classes scheduled at the same time. Speaker2 will fix his schedule.
Speaker2 is dating a handsome guy.
Speaker2 had several tests and an oral presentation this week, so he didn't have a chance to memorize the second page. He played it at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are congratulating Mr. Smith on his diligence.
Speaker1 wants to go to the night market after work tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't believe in some of the crazy things that are happening around the world.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to a disco after dinner.
Speaker2 opened his blog today in order to have more visitors and leave messages for others' blogs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Sarah and Mat have already broken up.
Speaker1 is angry at Bob for buying a new bike.
Speaker1 can't go to the pictures with Speaker2 tomorrow as he has to go to a meeting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting at the holiday inn at crenshaw and hawthorne. Speaker2 is from Mexico. Speaker1 is 40 years old and was born and raised in the United States.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy that Roll won the race, even though he won by a hair.
Speaker1 is going to London on business next week. He wants to find a guide for Hanson. Hanson lives there.
Speaker2 doesn't want to eat anything, because he's down in spirits. His manager jumped on him for his mistake today.
Speaker1 wants to know if the speaker has a light.
Speaker2 will immigrate to America. His parents will be okay.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are unhappy with the air quality in their city. They discuss the greenhouse effect and global warming. They also discuss the climate change in England.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2's 14-year-old son has become quieter and secretive in the past few months. He locks himself in his room and he's running around with the wrong crowd. Last weekend he came home late because his friend's car broke down and they had to walk home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the number of divorces in the United States and in Korea.
Speaker1's brother joined the army last year. He's tall and strong.
Speaker1 is going to a party tonight. He will wear a white shirt with a blue tie and brown leather shoes. Speaker2 will pick him up after the party.
Speaker1 is going to resign from his job. His company has a policy of paying according to seniority, so new employees get low salary.
Speaker1 wants to know if Tom drinks a lot.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have just moved in next door. Speaker1 is an accountant at a company. Speaker2 teaches mathematics at a college.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went snowboarding yesterday. It was Speaker2's first time.
Speaker1 will use Speaker2's laptop for a while. He will check his emails, visit his favorite websites and chat with his friends. There are no wi - fi hotspots around.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the weather today. Speaker1 is going on a canoe trip this weekend. Speaker2 is not, as a hurricane is coming this weekend and the temperature will drop to 66 degrees.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a cup of coffee. The machine is out of order.
The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn't like the Max Oreo exhibition. Speaker1 and Speaker2 liked the exhibition. They both like landscapes and abstract paintings. Speaker2 has a small collection of calligraphy by famous artists.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's brother hasn't been feeling very well.
Speaker1 is catching the eleven o'clock train to say goodbye.
Speaker1 is in China. He met Gina in person for the first time. There was a bit of turbulence while they were over the pacific ocean. The worst part of the flight was the guy behind Speaker1 who snored all through the night. He was in first class, but nobody woke him up. He didn't get any sleep.
Brad from school asked Speaker1 and Speaker2 out today. Speaker2 has never had a boyfriend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have to wait for Harry for a while.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for several days. Speaker2 has been helping his uncle, an accountant, for a week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are unhappy with Speaker2's behaviour.
Speaker1 doesn't know what to do if he can't find the money.
Speaker2 is packing for a holiday tomorrow. He will help Speaker1 with his packing.
Speaker1 heard that his boy had taken the first place in the history test.
Speaker1 is happy that titanic made a hit.
Speaker1 and Jenny are at a party. Speaker2 is having fun.
It was 18 degrees below zero last night. It was so cold this morning that Speaker1 and Speaker2 couldn't start their cars. Speaker2 doesn't have a garage in his new apartment, so he has to leave the car in the parking lot.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet next time at Speaker1's place for Chinese food and watch a video.
Speaker2 will clear away the broken glass from Speaker1's table.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for lunch at Mouth restaurant on Thursday at two o'clock.
China's property prices rose at the fastest pace in 18 months in December. It was a result of a rush in the fourth quarter on expectations of tightening politics.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will see each other on Monday.
Speaker1 ran into a glass door yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are getting married next Sunday. The wedding will take place in a large church. The reception will be held at the palace hotel.
Speaker1 wants to know the origin of Easter. Speaker2 tells him that Jesus was resurrected three days after he was crucified. The festival is celebrated on the first Sunday after a full moon on the 21st of March.
Speaker2 has been a secretary for two years, before that she was at university. She likes working for ibm and has learned a lot.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sending Mr. wilson a scarf.
Speaker1 doesn't like it when Chinese people touch her head.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are both fine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner together tonight at about 6:00.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's party is next Wednesday. Dr. Cole would like to attend the party.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are preparing for the exam.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't like the play that was shown last night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 used to live in New York and work at Nyu. Hugh Young used to wear a yellow jacket and play the piano with a jazz group at the university. He used to be a music student and now he's an executive for a large computer company.
Speaker1 is not satisfied with his alarm and wants to have his money back.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what the important day is today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Leo because he doesn't help out around the house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't understand her because she's speaking french.
Speaker1 and Alligator will see each other later.
Speaker2 passed his test yesterday. Speaker1 helped him prepare for it. Speaker2's finals are in two months. He will study a little bit at a time for the exam.
Speaker2 went to play tennis in the public park yesterday. He plays tennis twice a week. Speaker1 seldom plays tennis, he prefers football and basketball.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Janet chick. They both find her attractive.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what kind of music turns them on.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a dinner party for new professors at dean barksdale's home. The dinner starts at 8.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 need to know two things about the school. The school has three lunch periods and the kids are divided into three groups to go to lunch. When the school is dismissed in the afternoon, there will be two waves of students, because the school parking lot is not big enough.
Speaker1 wants to know what university Speaker2 wants to go to. Speaker2 went to Harvard.
Speaker2 is a smoker. Her husband smokes 20 or more cigarettes a day. She had her first cigarette when she was 17.
Speaker1 and Deborah are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn. They are inviting susan and frank to their house warming party this weekend.
Speaker1 is angry that Speaker2 didn't call him last night. He was rude to Speaker2 at lunch.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think the former champ lost the championship.
Speaker2 likes cooking. He got this hobby when he was 12 years old. He likes cooking by himself and trying new recipes with his friends. He invites Speaker1 to come and try some new recipes.
Speaker1 will beat you at tennis if you try.
Speaker1 is from south California and this is his first real winter in Taiwan.
Speaker1 broke his sister's mirror. He doesn't know how he can escape the punishment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the view from the window that Speaker1 sent them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to name the ship dolphin.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has been to New York. He got back yesterday. He will show Speaker1 some photographs.
Tom popped the question. Speaker2's parents want her to marry a Chinese man. She used to have the same problem when she was with her ex. She broke up with her Korean boyfriend because of cultural differences.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't watch a lot of TV.
Speaker2 is back at work after a 10-day holiday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the difference between cinematography and sound in movies.
Speaker2 has borrowed the books from Speaker1. He must return them within a month. He can come in and renew them if someone else has reserved them.
Speaker1's wife is going to divorce him because he has been having an affair with his secretary for two months.
Speaker1's uncle passed away last night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's wife works at home.
Speaker2's mother works in a company as an accountant. She's busy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like the dress, but it's too expensive.
Speaker1 doesn't like cheese because it tastes like cardboard.
Speaker1 had a quarrel with her husband and he didn't even try to cool her down.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a party. There are many hot girls at the party. Speaker1 is in love with the blond with the red dress. Speaker2 is nervous about talking to girls.
Two people were robbed last night near the park. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are afraid of the dark.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker1 has been busy studying for his school exams, which will begin next month. Speaker2's parents are both doing well. They are going shopping.
Speaker2 can't find the book he wants. Speaker1 will reserve a copy for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 describe the geography of Japan and France. Japan is made up of four large islands and many smaller islands located off the coast of the asian main lands. France is located in the western part of the european continent. The climate of Japan is warm and moist in the south, mild in the central part and cold in the north. rice is the main crop, but japan is also an industrial center. rice isn't grown in France.
Speaker2 is doing the crossword puzzle in the paper. He likes to play darts and play cards. His family used to play checkers and dominoes. He has never played mah - jong.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 and his daughter for dinner on Sunday at 6:30. Speaker2 was supposed to go to the opera with his daughter.
Speaker1 has to leave class early as he is not feeling well. He will attend the other section this week. Speaker1 will stay for a few more minutes.
Speaker2 likes to watch movies to relax and calm himself down. He likes comedies and dramas. He thinks a good movie has to bring you into the story.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that office software like windows is one of the best inventions in this information age. Speaker2 is a beginner in using excel. The latest office equipment combines fax, copy and printer in one machine.
Speaker1 describes her as pretty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at mel gibson. Speaker1 wants to ask for her autograph.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the reliability of financial newspapers, magazines and commentators and their reliability in checking facts.
Speaker2 has just started his training today and doesn't know how to use the machine. Speaker1 gives him some pointers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw a tv show about elderly people last night. It said that people with a positive attitude tend to live longer and happier.
Speaker1 wants to borrow a suit from Speaker1.
Little Bob has recovered after the operation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the effectiveness of the circular insert on their company's website as a marketing tool.
Speaker2 went to the doctor after work and the doctor told her she's pregnant. She bought all the books on having kids and classical music.
Speaker1's friend finally dumped her boyfriend and is going to abstain until she finds the right man to marry. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to dinner with her next Sunday evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met up after a long time. Speaker1's husband met her at the airport.
Speaker1 thinks that those guys work at the same company and go to the same bars.
Speaker1 wants his mom to talk about the philosophy of life with him.
Speaker1 is going on a cruise this summer. His brother won a free trip and he's taking him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a chemistry class together in high school. Speaker1 went straight to university after high school, but Speaker2 took a year off to go travelling. He got a grant to study chinese.
Speaker2 has been writing a blog for almost three years. He began blogging when he first went to the us for his graduate strides. He usually writes about his life on the campus and his pictures.
Speaker1's daily exercise schedule is to jog before breakfast, walk to work, do thirty minutes in the gym at lunch time and take the stairs. Three times a week, he can play tennis, play racketball or play hand ball.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 know that drinking beer helps them sing better after a few beers.
Speaker1 has been sneezing ever since he entered the office this morning. He has a headache and has a fever. He will call his doctor and have him go over.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went on their first date together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the olympic souvenir store in the gym after the volleyball match. They want to buy the Olympic mascots, especially huanhuan. The dolls are priced according to size.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at Speaker2's birthday party.
Speaker2 forgot to hand in the map of Africa, which should have been handed in last Thursday. His mother has been ill and he had to stay at home.
Speaker1 wants to know how Speaker2 chose courses when he was abroad. He should consult with a program adviser or an academic counselor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other since orientation three months ago. Speaker1 pledged phi iota alpha and he's living at the frat house now. Speaker2 is commuting to school by car. He dropped the metalworking class and joined the great outdoors club. He's considering pre-med.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to start a band together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the library to work on a research project. Speaker2 is going to English class.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing ice hockey in a community league. Speaker2 is a defender and Speaker1 is a goalie for the rockets.
Speaker1 has borrowed a portable cd player from a friend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema this evening to see the new blockbuster starring mel gibson and Julia Roberts. The movie starts at 8 pm.
Speaker1 has just finished his paper and wants to hand it in to his mom. Speaker2 will proofread it.
Speaker1 did poorly on the test. Speaker2 tries to cheer him up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met the smiths for a long time, because they have moved to Chicago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see 'The drunken beauty' next week. Speaker2 will book the tickets.
Speaker2 had a terrible quarrel with his neighbor yesterday.
Speaker1 is looking for his class in room number 261 in the c building.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised the ref didn't whistle.
Speaker2 didn't get the car he wanted, because someone had stolen it from him and bought it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching the first match of the world cup today. They are not fans of soccer.
Speaker2 has won the first prize in the math contest. She will have dinner with Speaker1 tomorrow evening.
Speaker1 wants to know what the guys are doing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the wedding of the bride and groom.
Speaker1 is interested in a new apartment near the taxing plaza, but the price is too high. He will pay 7500 yuan per square meter for the apartment with three bedrooms, a large living room and 80 square meters. If he pays a 25% down payment, he can move in at once.
Speaker1's friend is getting married on Saturday. Speaker2 bought a sewing machine for her as a wedding gift.
Speaker2 goes to watch sports games occasionally when there's a game near home, but usually watches it on tv.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss when children start school in their country. In their country, they start school at six. Before that, they spend several years in kindergarten or pre - school education center.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to talk about Australia. There are about twenty million people in Australia. The biggest city is Sydney, followed by Melbourne, then Brisbane, then Melbourne, and finally Perth. Speaker2 would like to live in Brisbane.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father is not well. He saw the doctor, but he refused to take the medicine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Richard was fired by their manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are admiring a ring that has been handed down in their family for three generations.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a new notebook.
Speaker1 is shivering because he is cold.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the way people use and treat animals. Speaker2 thinks most people treat their pets well, but they are often cruel to animals. They think people should stop eating animals, but some people would still hunt them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the weather for Speaker2's wedding.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 bought two tickets for the flight to Paris on a computer.
Speaker1 wants to wear his favourite robe for tonight's cocktail party. Speaker2 doesn't like it.
Speaker1 wants to know what university Speaker2 wants to go to. Speaker2 went to Harvard.
Speaker1 wants to have some more, but Speaker2 is on the diet.
Speaker1 had a part - time job in a pizza restaurant when he was still in school. Speaker2 didn't have a job then.
Speaker2 had high hopes for Nyu but didn't get in.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 play sports in China. Table tennis is the most popular one. Basketball and swimming are also popular. Speaker1 likes playing basketball.
Speaker1 invites Julia to a party that starts at midnight. Speaker2 would like to go, but his mother wants him to go home before 11:00 every night.
Speaker1 and Jordan are going to break up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at an art exhibition. They like the work of qi bakshi and are interested in Chinese painting.
Speaker2 is a soccer fan but he doesn't play. He watched every game of the 2002 world cup.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet up soon.
Julie and Alex are getting married. Alex's best man is organizing the bachelor party. Speaker1 and the other groomsmen are going to play drinking games, get him some gag gifts and have a good time.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 to his birthday party. He has a gift for him. Speaker2 likes it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing a game of football. They are trying to keep the ball away from rich and Taylor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been waiting for each other for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think modern painting is worth anything.
Speaker1's brother - in - law married Speaker2's sister ten years ago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's child still believes in Santa Claus.
Speaker1 wants to know why he's not at work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for John. John is in prison.
Speaker1 explains to Speaker2 the difference between espresso and cappuccino drinks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the history of their city.
Speaker2's boss has asked him to beef up in the work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about their competition, Sunburst, poaching their employees.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like their new history teacher.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think people still have faith in the government.
The weather forecast for today is cloudy in the morning and overcast in the afternoon.
Speaker2 didn't sleep last night. He's under a lot of pressure as his boss assigned him two projects.
Speaker1 will stand in for Speaker2 if he needs a cigarette.
Speaker1 is shocked by a police officer's outfit.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know if it's going to rain.
Speaker1 has passed the first two rounds of interview with abc company and will go to the final round next Monday. He will meet Speaker2 at the cafe down his office building at 5 pm this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like football best.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to figure out the time.
Speaker1 is tired of Speaker2's cut - and - dried opinions.
Speaker2 came to Speaker1's house to have a chat.
Speaker1 will come to you after you.
Speaker1 wants to know what's the beef with the lady.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the Romans and their lifestyle.
Speaker1 has been stressed lately because he doesn't know where to go for college and what to major in. He wants to get scholarships to help him pay for the tuition and take the burden off his family. Speaker2 thinks it's more important to make money than to enjoy his work. Speaker1 suggests he should focus on what the teacher said in class.
Speaker2's girlfriend just dumped him. She was cheating on him with an ugly guy. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go for a drink in town.
Speaker2 likes music with a fast beat and is lively. He likes classical music. He listens to mozart or bach in the evening after a hard day at work. Classical music is supposed to be good for the brain.
Speaker1 wants to know how to shoot pool. Speaker2 explains him the basics.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go swimming at the beach. Speaker1 will wear her new pink bikini.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see 7:30 pm movie tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's flight to Rome is delayed. They will wait in the lounge.
Speaker1 is surprised by the packed room.
Speaker2 is upset about the job with the pr company. His mother won't allow him to accept any part - time job. Speaker2 will talk to his mother.
Speaker2 didn't want to go out last weekend so he stayed at home and watched a movie. He was tired after working all week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet in a minute, because Speaker2 has a meeting.
Speaker1's computer has caught a virus. He opened an attachment with a picture of George W. Bush in women's clothes. Speaker2 likes it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to make a bet on who will be elected president.
Speaker2 works in a publishing house. His work is hard, but interesting.
Speaker1 wants to buy that candy. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to use a vending machine.
Speaker1 was giving out nametags and saw Femi inside. It brought back memories of prom night.
Harry was angry last night. It's the first time he's directed a play and he's getting nervous.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a lovely day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a company retreat in the mountains in April. They will take a survey to find out how it works for everyone.
Speaker2 didn't go to Mei's party on Saturday. He stayed at home with his family and they watched TV and films.
Speaker1 has just moved here and wants to activate his cell phone. His phone can't be used in the us, because it's not compatible with 3g network. Speaker2 will give him a blackberry curve for free if he signs up for a three - year contract.
Speaker2 didn't go for a picnic as it was raining too much. He washed his car instead. He watched the football on Sunday.
Speaker1 wants to teach his 78-year-old friend how to read. Speaker2 will start with reading.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to the movie yesterday. Speaker1 thinks the film is the worst one he has ever seen.
Speaker2 used to be an atheist, but in recent months he found out that horoscope predictions are increasingly accurate. He found a website which sends him an e - mail each day forecasting his experience in detail. Yesterday, he had an unusual experience in food and drink. Last night, he was invited to a dinner party by Lee.
Speaker1 can't wait to retire and move to Florida to play golf.
Speaker2 is in a hurry to learn it. Speaker1 tells him to do it step by step.
Speaker2 goes to bed at ten and gets up at six.
Speaker2 will soon graduate from his university. He wants to go to graduate school and find a job. He doesn't know his career path.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the international weather report with mike sanderson.
Speaker2's favourite hobby is reading literature and economy. In his spare time he likes to play golf, play badminton or crack jokes. He would like to see movies.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the gym tonight. Speaker2 will join them.
Speaker1 didn't enjoy yesterday's party. John was supposed to be her date, but he stood her up. She waited for a full hour in the cold wind.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will be late for the 9:30 train.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at houses for sale. Speaker2 is not buying a house yet, but he would like to see what is available. Speaker1 is organizing a barbecue next week.
Speaker1 can't come to the party.
Speaker1 has left his disk at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are shocked that suit wrote them a letter. She got a master degree and is going for her doctor's degree.
John and Speaker2 went to Australia and New Zealand for vacation. They went bungee jumping. They jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't listen to the weather forecast.
Speaker1 will never forget Linda, as she was his first lover.
Speaker2 has just come back from Edinburgh, Scotland, where he was on business. He enjoyed it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. They are meeting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw Bill's grandma walking around the same track yesterday.
Speaker2 is going to work with his father at the store in the city after he returns from washington. He will read books and go to the beach with his family on the weekends. Speaker1 will go to camp for the summer. John is probably going to the mountains with his parents.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't find the lecture interesting and dull.
Speaker2 is fed up with his house guest. Leo used to be his best friend in college.
Speaker1 has to take biology, chemistry, maps and physics if he wants to graduated this year. He's weak in maps.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 got a 50 thousand dollar ticket for construction workers peeing off the roof. The electrician is not here today because he hit a deer. Patricia got engaged.
Speaker1's grandma is trimming the trees.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a barbecue. Speaker1 is studying medicine at Harvard. Speaker2 is an engineer at IBM.
Speaker1's boss has been giving him a lot to do at work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the television and its usefulness.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss Speaker2's bowling style.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to visit the university museum. They will go to a coffee shop in the city centre and have a drink. Speaker1 will have a hot chocolate.
Speaker1 wants to go to the store to buy some drinks, but he can't because parking is not allowed here. There is a square in front of them and Speaker2 can park the car there.
Speaker1 likes your new car very much.
Speaker1 had to watch a football game and didn't do his homework. He will make it up next week.
Mark often comes to Speaker1 for advice and asks for advice. He may have a crush on Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are showing their uncle, Charles, who is a captain.
Speaker1 is going to enter a singing contest in 5 days. The winner will get a panda radio.
Speaker1 will call Speaker2 when a computer is free. Speaker2 will use the computer on the back of his library card.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering why people are crying. It's tomb sweeping day today in China.
