Jim and Jim will go to the gym to play singsong and meet some of their friends. They will also ask Mary and Sally to dance with them.
can you do 30 push - ups a minute?
Can you study with the radio on and listen to background music?
He is an acrobat. He fell from the wire.
John got new skates for ice hockey in a community league. He plays goalie on the rockets team.
Lydia's horoscope for this month says she should take a vacation to someplace exotic and have a passionate summer fling. She was born on April 15th. She's an an aries. Her horoscope says she'll have stress at work and no love life.
Frank is getting married to a girl he met on holiday in Spain.
i hear you bought a new house in the northern suburbs the same day it came on the market. It's a Spanish style house with three bedrooms and three beds. It has a living room with a twelve - foot ceiling and a two - car garage. You'll buy it at the end of the year, just before your wedding.
My mother - in - law is driving me up the wall. She loves to nit - pick and criticizes everything that I do. She also criticizes how we raise the kids. My husband and his husband sat her down and told her how they felt about her constant criticizing.
Zina's new programmers are good and fast. They will be up and running next week. They won't need Vikam's cash anymore.
do you like cooking? I like cooking very much. I got this hobby when I was 12 years sold. I like to cook by myself and test new recipes with my friends. You can come to a cooking class.
Jen is in the kitchen. She will let you in.
Summer camp was great for him. He went sailing, fishing, horseback riding, and horse back riding.
Diana doesn't wear perfume. She didn't know that.
Bill's daily exercise schedule is to jog before breakfast, walk to work, do 30 minutes in the gym at lunch time, play tennis, play racketball, or play hand ball three times a week, and take a dance class.
Bill's grandma saw him running around the track at his college yesterday.
i would like to register for a psychology class today. There are two classes that are still open. The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from 2 to 3 pm. The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10 am to 12 pm.
There is a typhoon coming and dad is taping the windows.
 lean is from Russia and his name is the same as lean from Japan. english is a difficult language.
can I help you with finding material for a paper on the influence of television on children.
Cal Ripen's home run made the game 5 to 4. Baltimore is winning.
how do you like the pizza here?
do you have a light?
i was scared of giving her first performance.
excuse me, would you please take a picture of us with the camera.
every country should face the history.
Kathy likes traveling for pleasure, but she doesn't like waiting for buses and traffic jams.
Your house is too small, but you can get a loan from the bank.
Prof. Smith, ms. yang and ms. Yang speak good English. ms. Yang learned it at school in China.
do you want black or white coffee? I will get white. There is a folk concert tomorrow evening.
what do you like to do in your spare time? I like playing chess. I don't have any other hobbies other than playing chess, but I do play basketball.
John is in prison, according to a text message.
can I help you with finding material for a paper on the influence of television on children.
Ted has the day off from work on Friday. He will probably stay in and relax.
The world is improving every year and medicine is making us healthier, but we are all more miserable than ever.
what do you plan to do for your birthday? I want to have a picnic with my friends and have a party at home with my mum.
How to return a book and check out a video to the library.
what 's the matter with you then ? you look miserable. You always say you're busy. You go back to live with your parents and leave your son in the room by himself. You miss your parents. You cut terrible calls.
Mary has a cold and is aching all over.
Peter and Peter are going for a drink to the new bar across the road.
could you tell me the right time, please? My watch says five past two, but it has been gaining and losing time.
does your family have a record of your ancestors? My mom has been working on their family tree for years. It goes back about 8 generations so far. She has a copy of it in her house. She also has 30 cousins on her mom's side and 10 on her dad's side. Her mother is the matriarch of the bigger family.
Mr. wang and Mr. Wang will meet tomorrow afternoon at the gate of the park to go boating.
i hear that you went to the saikei ski resort for the weekend. You had the most falls in your skiing team. There is a skiing coach from the state sports general administration at the resort.
You look pale recently. You have a lot of pressure in the company.
David has been fired. maggy didn't hear about it.
how do you usually get to school? I usually ride my bike. When I feel lazy, I drive my car. I used to have a car, but once I started using my bicycle to get around, I found that I didn't really need it.
what ' s wrong with him ?
Tom is going to study for one year abroad. He will take some university courses.
Jack will water the flowers. It's going to rain soon, so he won't have to work.
The grocery store is closed. The 24-hour store on sixth is open 24 hours a day. Sometimes the little corner store is the only thing open when we get home.
do you think they two will get married?
Dad will go to the city centre and visit the university museum. He will have a hot chocolate in the coffee shop opposite the bank. The museum is far away.
How about going to the cinema tonight to see a romantic film.
The teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard. It set my teeth on edge.
i have made up my mind to get a tattoo.
excuse me, what is the screen near your steering wheel for and what is it used for? It's a portable tv. There are no commercials on the tv, but the tv stations need to make money from commercials between the programs to pay for the programs.
oh, no !   how dreadful !  look at the view from the window.
Nancy has been playing the violin for ten years. She started learning when she was in middle school. She also collects matchbox.
how can I tell her about this? _sent a message to him.
what sports do you like to play? I like baseball and basketball. In my country, football is a new game. I play two hand touch or flag football with my friends. They play every Saturday on the field by the tennis courts. If you want to learn the game, you can join them.
My parents reminded me that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s. I have no time to go on a date, so I will find one myself. Three minutes video date is an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam. There are many other online dating websites.
Everyone from school is going to the party on Saturday. The party starts at 8. There will be a dj, food and drinks.
could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades. I missed a few classes.
good luck on your test tomorrow.
i don't want to work with him again.
C ' mon bought a brick on the sidewalk from a guy who was selling new Panasonic video camera boxes for twenty dollars. They were stolen.
The clock gains a little time every few minutes.
Last night Mary met a great guy at the bar and they decided to meet again tonight. They have a lot in common, like the same team, music, music and chinese food. Mary values honesty and honesty.
what ’ s up ? you don’t look too good, because you have a headache. You have been in a physics class all day. Today's lesson was about the creation of the universe.
Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning. It's never too soon or too late for learning. When I retired, I will participate in programs to keep momentally active. I've recently been teaching myself french.
how old are you and your birthday is on the 1st of May, but it's April 14th for me.
it smells like an ashtray in here. It's because she's going to cut down on smoking.
why are you shivering?
it seems that you get antsy when you hear i praise another guy. You should be on the watch out for him.
cheese tastes like cardboard.
have you signed up to join the company’s Christmas party. will you join the party.
If the weatherman's predictions are accurate it should rain tomorrow.
Emily is going to introduce Lily and the tall man to the manager she works with.
you didn't ring me last night. You were rude to me at lunch. You didn't call me yesterday.
Nicole had a good weekend, but she feels tired today. On Saturday she cleaned the house and played tennis. On Sunday she hiked in the country. Nicole studied on Sunday evening. Nicole didn't study.
There will be a parade to celebrate national day this weekend. The route is from Zhongshan circus to city bank.
excuse me, but someone has moved my books.
Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday. Tina had hers when she was 24. Tina's son will be a teenager soon. There is a big generation gap between parents and their children in Tina's country.
i'm going to Japan this year on vacation. She'd like to go to America.
Mark has just returned from a week's vacation in Thailand. He and Julie would like to go to Thailand together.
The toilet doesn't work properly and the water doesn't run in the shower. She wants to see the manager.
Vivian won the grand prize again. She wore red underwear again.
We are going to the concert this evening.
You have been working at the job for nearly a month. You have strong working ability and professional skill. The work efficiency here is high.
The music is on and I want to dance with you.
excuse me, the seat is taken, but _sent_c99_label will take a seat. He is a tourist in Shanghai.
Many people in the United States get divorced. In Korea some marriages break up but most couples stay together. Few people get married before the age of 20.
boy falls in love with the girl under the tree.
Excuse me, where do I register in Pacific pavilion?
how was your education going on in australia and where are you going to work after graduation? He is planning to return to China after graduation.
Tom loves playing badminton, table tennis, computer games and playing the games. Many teenagers spend too much time playing computer games.
what ’ s the plot of your new movie ? It’s a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders. He has to catch the killer, but there is very little evidence. He plays the part of a detective. He had disagreement with other actors and with the director, but they resolved their differences in a friendly way. He didn’t do his own stunts in the movie, because his insurance company refused to pay him.
An old lady is trimming the trees for my grandma.
Mom's legs are killing her.
Last night my wife made a stir - fry. It was amazing.
It's a lovely day, so I will meet you in the park in 10 minutes to take a walk.
He was stalking Veronica all these years. He said she is not pregnant. She will call her friend to take care of it.
Zina's boyfriend is upset that she spends more time with her boyfriend than with him. She will not come back this weekend.
Mary went on a date with John. He is tall and slim, fair - haired, smart, and has a great sense of humor. They will see each other again.
Francis' business trip was a nightmare. The air line lost his luggage on the return flight and then he lost his carry on bag when he was tackling with the officers in charge. He left the airport three hours later than he expected and was caught in a traffic jam. When he got home, he found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout.
The company has cancelled the trip to Hong Kong because of the sars epidemic.
which pair of jeans do you like best, the straight legs or the sag down?
Charles' car is broken and he's waiting for a tow - truck. His wife is coming to pick him up. He lives downtown with his parents. He doesn't need a car.
It's their first anniversary. The band is playing their song to celebrate.
what do you plan to do for your birthday? I want to have a picnic with my friends and have a party at home with my mum.
how about seconds , victor and winner?
why don't you have dinner with me tonight at 6:00.
Henry doesn't have a light. He will stand in for him if he needs it.
Jack is working on documents for the manager. He will visit Rose this weekend. They will meet at 7 pm on Saturday.
how do you shoot pool? There are 16 balls on the table, 7 solid colored, 7 striped colored, a black 8 ball, and the white ball. The white ball hits the colored balls and the black one hits the black ball.
how about going to hear a country - and - western singer tonight. He will pick you up around 8:00.
The mosquitos are biting people. They will cover themselves with beer to prevent them from biting them.
stop running around in front of the tv and stay away from the bald man talking too loudly.
okay , can I ask you something direct ? _sent_c99_label. He wants to know if she bullied him into this.
my daughter plans to quit her present job and wants to find another. She wants to get a better job with higher pay. She doesn't want to get married.
please excuse me , but I have to be going.
excuse me, there is no seat taken.
what do you think of the coming match ? |
what would you reckon the taxing increases will do for the state and for the people?
are they still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night. They were planning on walking both ways. They live in a rough neighborhood. There is a lot of crime and prostitution around the place.
jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not, but he's too scared to ask her.
Li na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with a Canadian.
John is in prison, according to a text message.
There is a wait to use the computers at the library, so she will write her name on the list. She will call her when a computer is free.
what a nice tie you are wearing. It matches your suit and sweater.
what do you make of the case ? _sent_c99_label doesn't think it's guilty.
Happy mother's day to mom. She sent her some gifts.
i have a problem with shaking hands when meeting people. I come from a country where people shake hands all the time.
It was Sam's birthday yesterday, but he forgot about it. He went for dinner to a new restaurant to celebrate it with Jane and Margaret. Margaret ordered a birthday cake. They got free dessert. He got an ipad as a birthday present.
here ' s the restaurant they are meeting the smiths at.
when do you usually go to the movies and where do you like to go.
are you telling us a lie again ?   i will be hanged if I lie.
Mr. fro didn't buy it. Balista wants to order a skinny triple latte.
Tara and Ari will go to the cinema to see "Dutch" tonight. Tara will buy two tickets for herself and Ari.
do you often buy computer magazines? I buy a computer magazine every month. There is an online edition of the magazine, but you can only access it with a subscription.
Barbara is studying medicine at Harvard. Mike is an engineer at ibm.
wow ! i can't believe he is standing in front of an exquisite work of art. It's worth about 80 million dollars.
Maris has a part - time job as a bartender at a bar. She's learning how to deal with people.
have you seen that house? I love it very much. The house is at least more than 100 years old. The door is locked and the old woman in the reception office can't answer.
have you got any hobbies? I'm fond of playing the chess and playing cards.
Jim went to the beach with his friends for the weekend and had a barbecue there. He went swimming and swimming too.
The exam will be hard, but it won't be very hard.
it is high time you have a talk with him. He gives me a runaround.
The lecture will start at twelve minutes past seven.
Sara will come to the party.
If he promised to help you, he will help you.
There will be a sixties party next week. She will come dressed in anything from the sixties and bring some music from that period.
i want to improve her handwriting. She has practiced it for several weeks, but nothing happened.
Michelle has a new baby. It's her first grandchild and her first nephew. The baby looks a lot like her father, Richard.
The music has started and the waltz has started. He wants to dance with her.
Mario and Parker are the best students in the class. The teacher speaks to them only in English.
Someone is stalking Doris. She saw him the first time on Tuesday at the cafe and today at the shoe store. He followed her all the way home. She didn't call the police.
han maimed is going to apply for Harvard after graduation from high school. He will travel around the university and get to know more about it. He is religious. He has a lot of friends who are.
i am not convinced by your explanation. It's five o'clock and there's little time left for us.
what do you do in summer? I go for walks, play sports or read a book. In winter, I play sports indoors or watch a film.
Linda was his first lover and he will never forget her.
could you tell me what university John wants to go to. He went to Harvard last year.
i have been chosen to plan the next family reunion. The reunion usually lasts at least five days and four nights.
 lean is from Russia and Lvan is from Japan. English is a difficult language.
what did you think of the film ? _sent_trans_label i liked the film.
Today's physics lesson was about the creation of the universe. The theory of the big bang came from an explosion. Edwin Hubble was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe, which supports the theory.
Mozart and Beethoven concert is on the festival hall. They will go there.
everyone wants to be financial lose kill. They must invest their savings if they planed to retire rich. I am thinking about buying stocks. It can be a good investment if I manage well.
Can I borrow a suit from you?
Bill made a move today. Bill is happy about it.
where are you from? I'm from guangzhou.
well , i must be off now because she has an appointment at six.
No one in my class speaks English. Everyone in the class is from Asia except for me. There are a lot of international students.
hey, I'm hungry and want to go to a Chinese restaurant.
Mike was absent yesterday. He got a certificate for sick - leave. Mike has received the reading material handed out yesterday.
do you like flowers? I like forsythia, winter jasmine, plum blossoms and spring. Forsythia is the symbol of spring.
It stops snowing but there is a bit of wind and ice on the streets. The temperature is 10 degrees below zero today.
what kind of music do you like listening to and why do you listen to it? I like music that has a fast beat and is lively, like dance music. I go to a disco almost every week, but sometimes it's too loud. I listen to classical music in the evening after a hard day at work. Classical music is supposed to be good for the brain.
There is a new coffee shop opening up down the street. Most coffee shops only serve coffee and danish. You don't drink coffee. You would like to see a fruit salad, a few different hot sandwiches on the menu at the coffee shop.
Bobby and his wife, evelyn, are going to have a baby on my birthday. They are expecting a boy.
well, i am a regular member of this club. Today he shot a 78, including 5 birdies. He has a handicap of ten. There are few public courses at the club.
The concert was great. The singing group used to be popular.
i have tickets to the phantom of the opera on Friday night. The show starts at 8 pm. She will go with him. They will have dinner at 6 pm.
is the chinese team taking the lead? No, it's the Japan team, which always plays a dark horse.
do you mind if i ask your friend out? She doesn't mind.
Harry is so down that he won't talk to anyone.
David's girlfriend just dumped him. She was cheating on him with Jack. Jenny wants to go for a drink in the town.
this is a nice set of wheels. The dealer charged him a lot, but it's worth it.
It's your birthday.
bob is getting on in years. He looks tired all the time.
which church do you attend and why do you go to church? I am Mormon. I go to the church of Jesus Christ of Jesus christ of the latter day saints.
sorry I was late for the meeting today, I got stuck in traffic.
There has been another murder in the city center. The police haven't caught the killer yet. There was a local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease. Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the United States. They got the money and she's going there tomorrow for treatment.
Tom and Tom are going to play bowling tonight. They will meet at 6:30 at the gate of the club.
There are many idioms in english. The expression goodbye is one of them.
why did the teacher criticise myra in front of the whole class?
There is a parking structure for students on the western side of the campus. It wasn't full when I went there this morning.
have you heard of the ' i love you' virus that attacks computers through e - mail. It is one of the most harmful computer viruses in the world. It will break out again on Valentine's Day this year.
i is confused by what he said and doesn't know what to do.
Professor Wang was hurt in a traffic accident. He's going to the hospital.
want to meet for lunch this Saturday, but I can't, because I'm volunteering at the children's hospital on the first Saturday of every month.
are the children all grown up now. Laura is a computer programmer. Rita is a librarian at the public library. Chris is working as a waitress in Paris. Larry drives a truck all over the country. rocky is a pilot.
Linda and Lee had a wonderful Christmas dinner.
where ' s your better half?
look, there are some words on the fish. It's popular to get a tattoo on a fish.
Ellie and her friends are singing " happy birthday" to her ten-year-old niece. It's her birthday today. Jim is having a birthday party for himself tonight at 6:00.
well , it was nice meeting you and I hope we will meet again.
There was a tv program on last night about elderly people. It said that people with a positive attitude tend to live longer and happier and physical exercise helps people deal with stress.
did you see the information on sales for last year ? the sales review was made at the last board meeting. The company has finally started making money again after a two-year slump. The president, Wallace, has made the business profitable since he became president.
what a letdown . i wanted to experience some mafia culture firsthand. The five - dollar tiramisu is a culinary orgasm, but it's not worth it.
did you get any rewards or honors in college? Yes, I received the scholarship 3 times on end. Did you join the communist party of china?
Your brand new car is excellent and I like it very much.
Are you watching the soccer match tonight? Manchester United and Manchester United are playing.
The weekend is finally here and it's the kickoff of the barbecue season. There's a grill party in the park tomorrow. They need to buy buns and potato salad.
Martin is leaving for America tomorrow. Susan got admit to mit. She will write to him once she gets settled.
Taylor has been in the hospital for a couple of days. Taylor put him there with his football moves. Taylor is not to blame. Taylor bought some crosswords to keep him busy.
did you see ally mabel last night.
look out ! your tea water is running over. I will turn off the fire.
May has a long face today. She got a promotion recently.
The teacher accused myra of cheating in front of the whole class. She should have done it privately.
Everyone is already at the party. There are flowers for her and a new couch in her new apartment.
Steven lost the table tennis game yesterday. He doesn't want to play table tennis any more.
The band is good, but _sent_c99_label is not much of a dancer. His favourite dance is waltz, but he also likes tango. He will go for a drink with his friend.
The biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution. The air here is much more polluted than in his country.
i had a terrible week. I fell down and hurt my arm, my son drove into a tree, the dog bit the delivery boy, and a storm blew the roof away.
Michelle has a new baby. It's her first grandchild and her first nephew. The baby looks a lot like her father, Richard.
when do you go to bed usually and when do you get up? I go to sleep at ten and get up at six.
have you been to disneyworld or disneyland? When I was young, my parents took me to the one in California. My fiance and I are getting married some time next year. He will talk to his fiance about going there for his honeymoon.
can you speak french? Yes, but not very well.
I passed my test yesterday. I aced it. My counsellor helped me prepare for it. I didn't do well at school, but my teachers encouraged me to do my best. My finals are in two months. I will study a few weeks before the exam.
The class will rent cds from me for the school dance for the night and buy back any damaged ones.
do you want to go to the beach tonight. We will go to malibu beach instead of Santa Monica.
There are a lot of environment problems in the world today. There is a problem with air pollution, deforestation, desertification, climate change and over - farming. The destruction of the rainforests and desertification are also problems. The environment is an important natural habitat for thousands of species of animal and plant life. People can get involved with projects to improve the environment.
Kathy has just opened her own restaurant and is the head chef. Kathy used to hate cooking, but now she loves it. Kathy went to California to study between 88 and 90.
Deborah and Christopher are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn. They want to find a place in a small town far from the city.
what can I do for you? I will borrow the book from another library and contact you when it gets in.
abc rent a car for twenty dollars per day for volkswagen, pinto, plymouth and datsun, and twenty-seven dollars for plymouth. There is no charge for mileage and gas. He will rent a pinto.
Would you be willing to accompany me to the party tonight?
Mozart and Beethoven's concert is on the festival hall.
Spring festival is the most important festival in China. The holiday lasts about 15 days. People eat dumpling for the festival, chicken for good luck and the Chinese firework is beautiful.
i is sick of waiting for a bus. A taxi is too expensive.
i feel absolutely horrible. I have a temperature of 41 degrees celsius, a headache, a runny nose, a stomach ache and a toothache. I took the red and white tablets just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch. I scalded on the hot coffee a few days ago. The burn ointment seemed to take effect right away. I will get an ointMENT for my nose.
i haven't got enough evidence for prosecuting him, but he's well in the know.
Jun was giving out nametags and saw Femi inside. Femi and Jun went to check on Jun. Jun and Femi went to prom together.
you are not looking happy. You need a holiday.
It's raining heavily outside and it's raining a lot. miss is on her lunch break. She had to run from work to get to the restaurant. The avocado sandwich is delicious, the beef salad is the healthiest and the milkshakes are the best.
The date is December eighteenth and in seven days it will be Christmas day. He will buy some new shoes as a Christmas present for his dad.
John doesn't look happy.
This man is dolly's fiance. He's handsome.
do you think I should buy this now and bring it with us?
Brooke and her mom are going to have the wedding at home on the 2nd. They will fly to Hawaii on a honeymoon package.
The world changes and so does the family. Some people like a small family composed of two parents and one child. I don't like such a family. For me, a family consists of many people.
what was that all about ?   we had a difference of opinion.
is sailing fun for you?
John dates her seven times a week. He might have fallen for her.
Joe was speaking ill of my friend Joe.
Mr. smith complimented loans on his diligence and is proud of him.
which countries have you been to? I have been to most of the countries in Europe, several countries in Asia, including China, Japan, Korea, and Thailand, and to the United States and Canada. I'm planning to visit Australia and New Zealand soon. Norway is the most beautiful country I've been to.
Alison will not have any more because she is on the diet.
Francis is coming to a birthday party. He got a remote car model for his birthday from Francis.
Property prices in China rose at the fastest pace in 18 months in December. It was a result of a rush in the fourth quarter on expectations of tightening politics.
i think that show biz stars have an easy life because they have a lot of money and they can buy almost anything they want. They are famous, so everyone loves them. They get lots of publicity for their films and they get invited to many cocktail parties. They have big houses and seclude houses. They don't have to pay for drinks. Most of them are forced to wear clothes they don't like.
hi , it is a pleasant surprise to receive a message from you.
Mary is tapping her pen on her desk and slurping her coffee every time she has a cup.
The autumn is the best season in Beijing. The summer heat is over, but the winter cold is still far away. The autumn in Washington is also nice. It rains a lot in summer and rarely in autumn. It's rather dry here.
Qi bakshi's painting of shrimp is in an art exhibition in Mike's area. Mike is interested in Chinese painting.
It's been snowing a lot and it's cold. It feels like ten degrees below zero today.
nick had a good time on the vacation. He will write to Nick as soon as he gets to Boston.
what are your working hours and what are yours?
would it be all right for me to go home next weekend to surprise my brother for his birthday.
Mr. smith went to Yale university and studied economics. He is twenty - seven years old. He has worked in a bank for the last years.
Jane is tired after a late night last night.
i am going to celebrate his birthday in a night club with his friends.
what do you do for a living? I'm a doctor. I like it. I'm also a bus driver.
what a nice garden and tulips are in the picture. The picture is blurred and the picture is dark.
Charles didn't watch the football match last night because his wife wanted to watch an old film. The game ended in a draw.
vernassa is angry at her new neighbor. She made a crack about her clothes.
i am forming a rock band. He has a drummer, a guitarist, a bass player and a singer. They are meeting this weekend at his house.
i want to see you off at the airport tomorrow at 12:30 p.m. because you are going to America. You have to check in for flight 282.
i ’ m sorry, dad, but you can’t do that. It’s for me to decide.
Friendship restaurant booked a table for eight people for tonight at 8 o'clock. The room is fully booked.
Zina is here early today. She will be making phone calls all day.
that is the most beautiful sunset. Let's get out of the car and enjoy it.
It's a nice day so they will go for an outing to the suburbs.
why didn't you tell me he had a girlfriend and was going to marry her?
Bill hasn't seen Jim for two weeks. Jim has been sick since he came back from Italy.
Tom is sick with the flu.
maybe you should talk to the teacher, but it's no use.
well, I finished my last final today. It's the end of all the hard work for my master's degree. I will attend the convocation. Most of the students only need a cap and gown for that particular convocation service, but some of the education majors have had theirs made.
do you mind if I ask you a question about improving your English.
Sue is going to the library to work on her research project. Tom will go to the english class in five minutes.
is the environment a big issues in your country ? it is in mine too. The biggest issue is water. Water is rationed in my country. Some modern household items, like washing machines, are not allowed as they use too much water. air pollution is a big issue in myCountry.
Hurry up, time is running out.
Cody had several tests and an oral presentation this week, so he didn't have a chance to memorize the second page of the tricky section, but he mastered the first one.
The time is 5:30.
Lisa is going on her first date on Friday night. She doesn't want to tell her mom about it.
Mary is getting married next March.
jim and you are bosom friends.
There was some bad turbulence on the flight. Everyone got sick and the flight attendants had to stay in their seats. The plane landed in southampton.
i fell on the way to school and scratched the new bike that you lent to me.
Today is December 23rd, 2002. The day after tomorrow is Christmas.
Penny moved to a new place just now and wants to say hello to Leonard and his family. They will come for a coffee around 4.
Last night, she almost got hit by a vase falling from the third floor.
i do feel like a trip to Florida. It's the best season for tourists in Florida. You can get a good sun - tan there.
i just finished reading the article 'Getting old gracefully'. It's a good article.
thanks for coming shopping with me. He will give a speech in front of a thousand people.
i love slim girls and fat girls. He likes a girl with good manners and a nice personality.
what ' s going on here ? We are waiting in line to get one of master li's chinese couplets.
i suppose you like cinematography and costumes and that sort of stuff, but in your book a good movie needs a chase scene and lots of explosions.
what day is today? It's Thursday. Tomorrow is Friday.
i decided to go for this kind of life. It's not an easy take.
what day is it today ?
are you new to this school and did you transfer from another school. Did you like it at pcc?
there is something wrong with my girlfriend. The department manager is all over her. She doesn't like him.
There is a mistake on my bank statement. He needs to withdraw some money and exchange some money. He also needs to check if his salary has been paid into his bank account. He has to pay his credit card bill too.
it ’s so relaxing , taking a walk in the country. The air is fresh and clean. The view from the hill is beautiful and relaxing. There is no sign of pollution. The village is peaceful, but there is nothing to do there.
Sam took the civil service exam and failed. He's been sitting in his room for the last 4 days. Mike will call him back after he's done.
Peter retired. He's almost sixty.
Steven and his wife are happy with their married life.
we have waited for a long time. When will we start?
are you working overtime again ? over the last two weeks you have worked overtime every day without a break. Your company doesn't give you extra pay for overtime. They give you a bonus of ten dollars for highest productivity.
the tranquility of the night , the chirping of some insects, everything is so natural.
Gao has booked a table for three at 6:30 pm this evening.
The class is starting again.
Maria is upset about the job offer from the pr company. Her mother won't allow her to accept any part - time job. iris agrees with her.
Yesterday I went to play tennis in the public park. I play tennis twice a week. I prefer football and basketball. I usually play with my school mates.
why are you all dressed up ?
The company keeps me working late at night and in the office. I can't afford to quit my job until I get a new one.
There was a tv program on last night about elderly people. It said that people with a positive attitude tend to live longer and happier and physical exercise helps people deal with stress.
saying you want to kill yourself terrified me out of my wits. I was playing a joke on you.
where are you going this weekend? I’m going to hainan. It’s my second visit there, I was there last October.
It's barbie time. It's cool outside. Daniel's favorite weather is snowy.
My girlfriend broke up with me
Roll won the race, but only by a hair.
The map of Africa should have been handed in last Thursday, but it wasn't. The excuse is that his mother has been ill, so he had to stay at home.
A foreign customer has taken a part - time job at a coffeehouse three days ago. He is going to be a volunteer in the 2008 olympics and wants to improve his oral english.
The weather is bad and we have to cancel the visit to the square.
let ' s go in.
could you tell me what university John wants to go to. He went to Harvard last year.
He deserved his gold. His last dive was perfect.
you are studying here for three years. You are disappointed with the campus.
Mark could be as good as joe.
Mark and Bill will have lunch at Bill's seafood restaurant at 12:30 pm today.
how have you been ? |
Monica's presentation at the meeting was successful and everyone was impressed by it. Monica's colleagues were supportive of her presentation.
i hate to say goodbye, but it's late and I have to go. I will see you on Monday.
Frank is not to her liking and she should keep away from him.
Jim has been out of town and hasn't seen Jim for a while.
what do you think of the novel you just finished reading and what do you like about it?
quite a few times I had my back to the wall, but generally they will turn out to be good.
My new business phone has wireless internet access and bluetooth. He doesn't use it often.
John will come to Mary's birthday dinner party on Saturday around six or seven o'clock.
don 't worry about it, you will do better next time.
i just dropped in to say goodbye. She will leave at 10 o'clock.
come back. He took some newspaper away without paying. He lives nearby. He used to be a hero during the war time and everyone respect him. He has no children and his wife passed away.
how may I help you ? I need to get on the internet. I have to wait for a computer. When there is a computer available, I will call you.
are you coming to the bridal shower for Jane. Jane is getting married on August 8th. The wedding will be held at her church. red rochester will officiate at the wedding.
don ’ t do that again. You are riding the tiger.
hurry up! time is money.
watch out ! you are going to hit that car if you don't stop shouting.
Steve didn't sleep last night. He is under a lot of pressure. He has been assigned three projects and still hasn't finished all of them.
Lodge wants to check out his mew stereo on Tuesday after six.
Jean's figure and eyes are perfect.
Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday. Tina had her first child when she was 24. Tina's son is fine. There is a big generation gap between parents and their children in Tina's country.
Mike is a day late for the registration. All the classes are full. He will take psychology 101, sociology and philosophy. He took philosophy last year. He can have the professor sign a card to let him in even if the class is full.
thanks for helping me move into my new house.
i don't know where to go for college and what to major in. I want to get scholarships to help me pay for the tuition. I also want to take an additional course in some training center. I have to improve my english.
i 'm glad we live in a small town because the houses look nice at Christmas time. They have a big tree this year. I bought the decorations at the five and tencent store yesterday. I can't come now because I have to buy a present for my mother.
smoking is bad for your health, but it relaxes you. You could cut down gradually.
The film Jim saw was awful. It was about a married couple who had to live with the wife's mother because they didn't have enough money to buy a house of their own. The husband had to work overtime three times a week and couldn't sleep. He took two sleeping pills every night. He had a nervous breakdown and had to go to hospital.
would you like to stretch your legs and get a soft drink at the symphony concert. It's a new concert hall and the acoustics are great. This is his first time to come to a concert in the United States, but back in China he went to concerts with his parents.
The library will be open on Saturday from 9 am to 6 pm.
whose part do you think is best played by the old man is the one that I like best.
One of Vince's programmers is spying on them for webtracker, according to zina.
Lin Tao hasn't seen Zhang Lin for some time. Lin Tao is going to see his uncle.
fixing computer isn't my cup of tea, so you can leave this job to Jason.
What a great weekend at the beach. They will come back next weekend.
Jim and his friends drove 50 miles to come to the beach for a sunbath. Jim is going swimming. He will buy a beach umbrella and a deck chair. They will hire a boat and go for a ride.
how dare you accuse me of stealing your computer.
The flood will come on the heels of the heavy rain.
adam will show me around the school. The tallest building is the library, which has more than 1,000 books. The building to the south of the library is the new classroom building for the senior high school. There is a swimming pool in the school, but it's only available in summer.
television is undoubtedly a great invention, but one of the main criticisms of it is that people aren't selective enough. lesley has a television. She tries to pick out the sorts of programmes that interest her.
don ' t be shy to have some more chicken.
i feel pity for the old man and send him a message.
i'm going to see the doctor this weekend.
professor will have to leave class early today to go to the airport to pick up a relative. He will have someone take notes.
i'm going to try sky diving this weekend.
does he know that he has already at his wits ' end with her and she should not handle his relation with him with kid gloves.
i visited the famous variety show host, Dennis.
Nancy is from Shanghai and Mike is from shanghai.
why do you go fishing so often?
Hans was waiting for Cindy. Cindy was caught in the heavy rain.
Emma and Jim are going to have a picnic in the park on Sunday.
Professor Donald is giving his advanced geology course again next semester. He will let a junior enroll in it.
management is going through a big turnover these days. With Bill's retirement and department realignment, the company has lost about 1/3 of its managerial staff.
Linda likes her job as an editor. She is getting along with her colleagues and has no complaints. There are many opportunities to move up in the company.
Dick brown doesn't think he has met susan heywood.
why don ’ t you sit down and relax and talk to me. She will turn on the radio and they will listen to some music together and cook dinner together. They will go to a disco after dinner.
David is depressed, because his girlfriend was speaking ill of him. David's girlfriend means a lot to him.
My sister was hit by a car and was taken to the hospital yesterday. She wasn't seriously hurt.
what are the good sights to see in beijing?
Judy is andy's new neighbor.
what do you do when you are angry? I usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused my anger. Then I listen to music or work out.
i can't come to the party.
Taylor's boyfriend, Bryan, wanted to toss the football, so she was sweating a lot. She might have been tired.
She is stupid, but it doesn't matter because she is pretty.
mrs. smith is full of energy every day and full of time.
what a police officer is.
in my wedding ceremony, where do my parents sit in the church and which side of the aisle do they sit?
Mary and Harry will have to wait for Harry for a while.
why did the teacher criticise myra in front of the whole class?
is your city a historical place? 200 years ago it was just a small insignificant village. Large deposits of coal were found and industries were located here. The village quickly grew into a key industrial centre and absorbed other villages nearby. The names of those villages survive as the names of parts of the city. There are no buildings more than 200 years old in your city.
what is wrong with your face? My brother did it.
Jerry's new school is nice and he gets along with his classmates well.
How many people are there in your family? Five: your father, mother, brother, sister - in - law and you.
I failed my oral test because I'm not practicing enough.
It's dangerous and I don't dare to go.
Someone had stolen a march on me and bought the car that he wanted.
how may I help you? I want to return the video and check out the magazine, but it's not allowed.
have you heard the news ? |
Such bad luck, 200 yuan was stolen from a bus today.
ok , so who are they going to invite to their dinner party on Friday? They have the thompsons, the greens, and the anderson, about twelve people total, and their friend andy from the office will come over. They can't have thirteen people for dinner on Friday, because of a superstition.
The homework for today's economic law class is to explain what economic law is both in broad and in narrow sense. There are no clear answers in the textbook, so Shirley suggests that maria should look for information on the internet.
i just dropped in to say goodbye. She will leave at ten o'clock.
The performance is amazing. The actress is an opera star in China and her teacher is mei landfang. He created a special dance of sleeve shaking for the performance.
That was heaven. The sea water treatments are supposed to be good for you.
Nyu got a letter in the mail from Nyu. He didn't get accepted.
Tom is going to study for one year abroad. He will take some university courses.
i went shopping without an umbrella yesterday morning. It was raining cats and dogs in the afternoon.
those guys work at the same company and go to the same bars. They do everything together.
The new job is fine. He has a nice secretary and a large office. He also has a company car.
what a surprise meeting you here as a tourist.
so you are traveling around the world. You have been to England, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and now in Spain. Your holiday will last for two weeks.
please excuse me for a moment, as I have diarrhea.
Last night I had a big argument with ann. They were planning to go to the beach this weekend. She called me up to cancel the trip, because her boyfriend had made plans.
i can't bear your drinking. She is divorcing you.
finally the class is over. ben must have been waiting for long. Shirley is tired. One of her friends took the adult college entrance exam last year and filled the school column with his name, so his score was relinquished.
what did you do over the weekend? I went to a global warming rally. It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment. There are a lot of things we can do to protect the environment, such as using public transport and recycling. The biggest issue for the future is having enough sources of clean water for everyone.
merry christmas , bill and steven will go to church first and then to a Christmas party.
Emily likes to go to the movies.
Who broke the glass? Adam or Peter.
can you read what this says ? _sent_c99_label yes, and you could too if your hair wasn't hanging down in your face.
Tony's parents are enjoying their retirement. Tony is going to a football match.
Lin will sit in the back with him. His last name is Lin.
you will transfer tomorrow. You won't know anybody at that school.
what do you think of this one ? _sent_c99_label and this one.
don ’ t be worried, but take it easy.
Mike has been surfing the net and is looking for hackers. He doesn't know much about them. They are a group of people who break into computers and break the phone system.
i don't have my homework today. I was sick and didn't turn it in.
what are you reading about in that science magazine ? _sent_c99_label there are several interesting articles on recent scientific breakthroughs. She has just finished reading one about cloning.
thanks for helping me up. He made three other people fall over.
John was supposed to be my date for the party yesterday, but he stood me up.
what is the most unexpected thing you experienced in space. The view of the earth as we left was awe - inspiring. The international space station is due to go off in December. There were a lot of talks during the Bush administration about a mars mission.
where did you go yesterday to play tennis in the public park. You play tennis twice a week. You prefer football and basketball. You watched a football match at the sports center last Sunday.
where is your native place? My native place is Shanghai, a cosmopolitan city.
what ’ re you doing now? watching tv. You should clean your teeth before going to bed.
Alice wants to apply for an undergraduate scholarship offered by the american minority students scholarship association. She will write an essay on the place of ethnic minorities in a democratic society. She needs to write three pages typed and double - spaced.
It was 18 degrees below zero last night. It was so cold this morning that I could hardly start my car. My new car didn't start either. He doesn't have a garage in the new apartment, so he has to leave the car in the parking lot. He put a lot of antifreeze in the car.
what do you think of the new television channel? They are terrible.
Paul has a cold. He needs to drink a lot of water and take a rest.
you look pale today. You should do sports to keep young.
steven is going to London on business next week. Hanson lives there. Hanson is one of his best friends.
my word , you do look ill. You should see the doctor right now.
excuse me, I used to live in New York and work at Nyu. Hugh young used to wear a yellow jacket all the time and play the piano with a jazz group at the university. He used to be a music student and now he's an executive for a large computer company in Houston.
Paul has won the first prize in the math contest. He invited Anna for dinner tomorrow evening. It's her birthday today.
There was a bit of turbulence on the flight. The worst thing was the guy behind Gina who snored all through the night. She was in first class. She would like to go to the great wall while in China.
After returning from Washington, Mary is going to work with her father at the store. On the weekends, she will go to the beach with her family. John is probably going to the mountains with his parents. Mary has been to camp for four summers in the past.
can you tell the result ?   it ' s love all. Now the score is in our favor.
maybe you won't get another chance at the statue, but it's not worth it.
Kate is going to the cinema tonight to see a movie called Summer in Beijing. It starts at 8.
i feel confused by all the diet options out there. It is expensive to go to a weight - loss center and it is better to join a fitness club.
i visited the polar aquarium today. There are a lot of polar animals and sea birds there.
May and Danny have already grown up. May and Danny went on their first date.
i can't wait to retire and move to Florida to play golf all day every day.
let ' s get together this weekend. They will meet at nine o'clock on Saturday.
i wonder if he can ask a question. He wants to borrow a few bucks from you.
Mary is going back home to the US tomorrow.
lovely day, isn't it.
Jack doesn't like the place but his mother likes it very much and they come here almost every month. Laura's mother is Jack's mother.
What is the area of your country? It's a little over half a million square kilometers. There are about 30 million people in your country. Most of them live in the north. The average income is about two thousand dollars a month.
look at this headline - elvis baby born on spacecraft. Everyone in line is reading tabloids.
The answer is zero. He is a child.
Ken was playing a loud stereo system last night. It kept him awake for a couple of hours. He will keep it down.
my mother likes to split hairs. She sent a label with a cheaper option.
Bob is at home painting. He learned to paint in college.
Jim is a teacher, but he makes a little money by repairing cars in his free time.
Martha is happy with her married life. Her husband is supportive with his work and helps around the house. They get to spend a lot of time with each other.
David is depressed, because his girlfriend was speaking ill of him. David's girlfriend means a lot to him.
My brother joined the army last year. He's tall and strong.
Forest Gump was released in 1994 and is a classic. It won 6 oscar awards in 1995. Gucci and Tom Hanks will see the movie together.
Pollyanna hates this kind of weather. There was a weather who said there is no such thing as bad weather.
what day is it? It's Monday, October 27th. When are you leaving? On November 10th.
Ray Blue’s latest novel is a sic - fi thriller. Sarah and Sarah are going to the bookshop to buy a textbook for her course and to buy some children ’ s books for her daughter.
Bbs is an online bulletin board service. It offers a wide variety of online games, files, one - on - one chat, message areas, private mail and forums.
The manager tried to talk about the chinese poesy with me during the interview.
The cover came off one of the books. It will cost $ 5 to return it.
when it comes to selecting a fund, past performance is not an indication of future results. For me, a fund's stock record is the important criteria to decide which to buy.
David Peckham appeals to the fans because he plays well and he often scores by free kicks in crucial games. He also has facial charm.
can you tell which team seems to win? The score is in the favor of the guest team.
May he have a word with you around ten o'clock.
office software like windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age. The latest office equipment combines fax, copy machine and printer in one machine.
Mr. Stuart won the city marathon. He won with his children.
i don't like reading academic books.
Ch chuck has found a new way to learn chinese. He is learning chinese through songs. Katherine and he will learn a song together.
where to stay is crenshaw and hawthorne, at the holiday inn on that corner. Miss is from Mexico and is visiting China on a business trip. She is 26 years old and has some Colombian heritage. She speaks Spanish.
oh , boy , i hate to say this but I have to leave now.
Sarah and her husband are thinking about moving, but they can't afford to live in the slums. Sometimes the city auctions offer houses to the community. Sarah's sister - in - law bought a 75-year-old house from the government.
Mona and Jim have a new fancy house. Jim is a science fiction writer. Mona used to be an actress. They spend a lot of money on new clothes, new computers and new cars every year. They have a cook and housekeeper. They don't have any children yet. They like to travel around the world. They enjoy fancy parties.
Child has a fever but nothing major. He should go home and get plenty of rest.
who was the best teacher that you ever had was miss baymler. She was patient, kind, fun, smart, caring and strict. She didn't have a teacher's pet. She got married and moved to another city. She started writing children's books.
mum got flowers for Mother's Day from her son.
Did not like the party.
Tomorrow evening there will be a most exciting game between rockets and Lakers. Yao ming, my idol, will play in front of several hundred million of the worldwide audience.
pretty ! say beautiful rather than perfect.
Mr. Green is calling to welcome Mr. Green to his school.
i is nervous about the oral test.
i hear you are taking a music class. He didn't know you were interested in it.
Little Tom's birthday is on the fifteenth of December. He's thirteen today and fourteen the day after tomorrow.
peter and Mary broke up.
i had a wonderful evening and enjoyed it.
Sally is an excellent designer. Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains. Sally is a bachelor.
Sally had to go to the hospital because she passed out in class. She hadn't eaten anything in days.
Tom is sick of Jenny's brother, but he likes Jenny.
Sally hasn't found a new job yet, but she has seen several interesting advertisements in the paper. Sally is looking for a job in the hotel business or travel. Sally has no experience in either of those fields.
steven is new in the class and doesn't know anyone. His favourite subject is Chinese, but he prefers to learn English.
Mrs. Smith is a doctor and a teacher. She teaches English at a high school in New Jersey.
Femi dumped Taylor for three hours while she was throwing up. Jun said femi was talking about Tiger.
It is dangerous traveling in space, but less than two centuries ago the dangers of train travel seemed terrible. meteors are once in a blue moon.
Mark didn't watch the game last night because he was out. Spain won two to zero.
get up as early as six o ' clock only to be jammed at every crossroad and still late for work. Everyone is fed up with the rush - hour traffic, so he should take the initiative and make some changes first. He should ride a bike instead of commuting by bus.
how many people are in your family? There are five people in the family, besides your parents and yourself, there are your brother and sister. Your brother is eighteen and your sister is twenty - five. You don't go home often, but you send e - mail to your parents regularly and call them regularly.
i 'm terribly nervous.
What is wrong with him? He doesn't like ancient egypt.
Bo has fallen in love with her boss, but he is still single. There is a lot of gossip about the office romance.
How may I help you? I want to return the video and check out the books. I have your library card.
did you bring that book that we were talking about yesterday and will get it for your wife.
i 'm going to the park to play baseball with the guys. He promised to play chess with me this afternoon, but he has to practice for the chess championship. If he doesn't go to practise today, he will miss his chance to join the team.
What stresses him out the most is his parents. They want him to get a better job and get married. He sometimes goes out with friends to relieve the stress, but the stress always returns in the morning.
tony looks handsome in the suit. He prefers suits to jackets.
lily thinks that the job takes a back seat to the family after she is married and that she must be a good wife.
The weather is gray and it looks like rain, but it's not raining. The street isn't wet.
hey there , you look a little lost. You are new to the gym and need some pointers on how to use the machine.
John has to put up with his son who doesn't work.
do you like ice skating? We will go to the skating rink on Friday instead of Thursday.
Gordon is late. He missed several buses. He lost his wallet. He found it.
Betsy and I are going to have seafood tonight and then go to see the new movie at mall cinema. It's the last week for the third movie in the destroyer series.
How is your new job going? It's going well. Your new boss is a bit bossy, but she's better than your old boss. Your co - workers are easy - going. You miss your old workplace.
John and Linda are getting married next Saturday. Linda will come to the wedding at nine sharp.
so do you think you can get to the office alone? If you can't catch the train, you will get a taxi. If you don't, you'll show the office address on the business card.
Bob and you have finished.
tony looks handsome in the suit. He prefers suits to jackets.
Andrew is a friend of Janet. Noirin is noirin.
wow ! it ’ s packed.
It's getting cold. Karen bought a scarf yesterday. She will wear it with a blue sweater and pearl earrings.
Susan has some papers due and is here today.
hello , mary, Brian and Bob are seeing each other.
are you free tonight?
wanna chill out and watch cable? Bet has a drama called Soul Food on cable.
My boss wore a stupid tie to work today. His daughter bought him a tie as a father's day gift. It's great being a father.
Alex is going to the olympic stadium to watch the 400m relay. He will also watch the triple jump and the high jump. He wants Alex to get some autographs for him.
Yesterday I went to play tennis in the public park. I play tennis twice a week with my schoolmates.
Kenny williams has sent a weather forecast to salt lake city. There is heavy cloud cover in northern Utah today. There will be scattered showers throughout the day, with a forecast high of forty - five degrees. In the south there will be cloudy skies with a chance of showers. It will be cold, with temperatures hovering around the thirty - eight degrees. Tomorrow it will be rainy and windy.
He has been compared to rimbaud.
Julia is having a hard time at her job because her colleagues get promotions and she gets sidelined. She is willing to work hard, but sometimes she makes mistakes and the boss is not happy.
well , my particular interest is collecting stamps, especially the rare ones and collecting stamps.
 tom has just moved in next door to alice. tom is an accountant at a company. Alice teaches mathematics at a college.
excuse me, I am interested in getting a library card. I have a driver's license and a form.
Frank got a new job at the post office. He reports to work at 5 am everyday and has only 45 minutes for lunch. The government offers its employees excellent health insurance benefits. His family can get free medical care.
An ambulance took him to hospital in the nick of time.
Harry doesn't like the opera.
lisa won the first prize in the english speech contest of her college. Lisa's mom is happy for her, but she always feels disappointed with her learning.
How did you do on your belts exam? You got an overall score of eight. You have received a conditional offer to apply for a visa to study at the university.
Patti Whitney has been coming to the conference for the last 3 years. She is from Long Island, New York. She has two kids, a boy and a girl, who are already grown. She likes California.
Susan was the only one who had received the invitation in the office. She sent the label.
does it bother you that your husband goes away on long business trips.
what can i do for you? I'm returning the books that are two weeks late. You'll have to pay 25 cents a day for each late book.
Mike is entering the speech contest.
what shall they do after the volleyball match? They will go to the olympic souvenir store in the gym to buy some gifts for their family. They will buy the Olympic mascots, especially the red one.
it is time to butter him up. What do you have to do to grease the palm of him?
Cindy got into that university.
Vicky has just got off the subway and is on the second floor looking at some books on how to learn English. She will come to the first floor and they will talk about what to do.
who ' s that old lady trimming the trees is my grandma.
what do you think are the main causes of war today? Poverty, civil wars and financial support are the most common ones.
 bill is coughing a lot in the evening. He needs something to keep him awake, so he will go to bed early and get up early for work.
well , i must be off now because she has an appointment at six.
Julia is going to a party that starts at midnight. Her mother wants her to go home before 11 pm.
steven is depressed, because his town was razed by an earthquake and more than 10 thousand people died in the earthquake.
Lily's boyfriend, Jack, has louse up my business several times.
The new teacher is nice and teaches english three times a week. She can speak Chinese to her students.
Richard was fired by his manager.
Cathy and Mike broke up because she was nagging him.
They are very good friends.
i went to Jessie's birthday party yesterday. He had a lot of fun. He wants to hold a birthday party for himself next month.
My friend finally dumped her boyfriend and is going to abstain until she finds the right man to marry. She will take us to dinner to show her gratitude for helping her.
Tom wants to go for a run in the morning, but he can't get up early enough. He will come to Tom's tomorrow at 6.30.
Today it's cloudy and it's not going to rain.
well , the way you drive is not a good idea for her. She doesn't like the compilation.
Mary is a better typist than Jones.
George has been to Switzerland twice. He likes the people and the quietness of the country.
Tom has just returned from Hawaii and is in a hurry, because he has a meeting with ann in half an hour.
Carrie's boyfriend is always in a bad mood. He has a stressful job and is stressed. Carrie will talk to him later.
Karl and his wife are moving in next door to chuck jones. chuck is from Chicago and will be their neighbour.
It's the start of the Olympic games. You want to watch.
Nick sent a question to Nick's head.
i can’t believe it. He bet $200 on the cougars and won.
Jenny has a class on Friday after work. On Saturday Jenny's parents are coming to town. Jenny and Jenny will go out for dinner.
Susan wants to take some additional credits to get a minor in psychology. She will take fundamental linguistics, consumer psychology and neuroanatomy for her minor.
is your city a historical place? 200 years ago it was just a small insignificant village. Large deposits of coal were found and industries were located here. The village quickly grew into an industrial centre and absorbed other villages nearby. The names of those villages survive as the names of parts of the city. There is no building more than 200 years old in the city, but there are some older buildings.
Most of Elizabeth's customers are foreigners. She speaks two foreign languages, french and spanish. Her written spanish is not very good.
did you watch the old - fashioned wrestling game last night?
do you mind if I get a lift in your car, please?
fred tells janice how to open his qq zone.fred sends Janice a link to his blog.
Tina has just broken up with her boyfriend. Tina and her ex - boyfriend are working in the same department.
Bill's grandma saw him running around the track at his college yesterday.
what time will i pick you up and what time will I pick her up.
hi , zhengjun , what make you happy.
Linda hasn't seen Linda for ages. Linda and Linda miss each other.
The train hasn't come yet. People have been late for their meetings all this week. They have lost important clients.
i fell on the way to school and scratched the new bike that you lent to me.
Jenny is going to marry another man next month.
what ' s your favorite sport ?
Jane does nothing special in her spare time except reading, watching tv, walking and walking. Jane doesn't have any hobbies. Jane likes collecting antiques. She has more than 500 collections.
It seems to me that everything is going digital nowadays. I bought a digital camera last week. It's a sony.
It's four o'clock already and I have to leave.
can I see your parents some time tomorrow. They are too busy these days.
happy thanksgiving and let's have pumpkin pie.
David is going on vacation to Salt Lake City for his brother's fortieth birthday. He will spend the nights in hotels and enjoy local food as he passes by.
would you like to book a table for six people for dinner for the day after tomorrow. The main courses are roast beijing duck, fried eel slices, and roast be Beijing duck.
Rose watched a science program last night. There might be water on mars. The US successfully sent two robotic explorers to mars last month.
Janet is working for a plumbing company. She studied mathematics at college for four years. She loves the job.
We are going to the concert this evening.
well , if it isn ' t the teacher ' s pet, then she doesn't treat me any different than everyone else. She gave me the highest grade in the class.
you won one million yuan in a lottery. What will you say?
i was supposed to meet with you at half past one, but two of my classes occur at the same time. It's possible for him to fix the error.
i went bungee jumping yesterday.
Tom is free next Sunday. He will come to a baby shower.
The world cup is starting today. There are 32 teams from 32 countries competing for the trophy. The first match is between Mexico and South Africa. South Africa will probably dominate the first half of the match. Over seven hundred million people watched the final match of the world cup. Brazil has the most titles.
we have absolute proof that you committed the crime.
where can I get the information from Kate and ask John.
That was a tough question. How did you get it right?
There is a letter for you from Nyu, but you didn't get in.
The final examination will be held at the end of this month.
what ? how could you forget to reserve the concert tickets for the performance?
Mike had too much to drink and got into trouble last night.
The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in our city. It disgusts him. He has been to Las Vegas and didn't get addicted.
i 'm tired of you always wearing my clothing.
It will be wet when they arrive. The bank should be closed on Sunday. They won't need their overcoats.
Let's do something really nice for our family this Christmas.
uh . . . that ' s greek to me that means they have tapered legs. My pants are baggy too.
William is not going to be friends with a smart woman like me.
mary learns to speak latin by osmosis within three months.
David and Marge will meet at the coffee shop after work at 5:30. David will show Marge the plans for his new house.
Peter and Peter are going for a drink to the new bar across the road.
i have an idea for Christmas this year. We will pool the money and give it to a family who could really use it.
do you know anything about dr . miller's classes? I would like to take his class next semester. dr. miller is a new teacher, but he was funny when he was teaching.
Last night Baltimore defeated texas by 17 points. Ben is a diehard football fan. He is from China.
The weather forecast for tomorrow says a storm may come tomorrow. Julia and Julia hate rainy days. Julia has to drive to Washington D.C. tomorrow.
where would you like to have your dinner is a Chinese restaurant.
Last week he went to a cookout for new professors at dean barksdale's home. He was the first one there. The invitation said two to seven, but most people didn't arrive until three or four, and they didn't start cooking until five. The dinner is at seven-fifteen.
that ’ s really a let - down . He let me down.
Some people are always closing their handsets, so it's difficult to inform them. Short messages will be kept in the short messages center and once they open the handsets they will receive them. Many people used short messages to pay a new year call.
hey , sorry to be late, but my mother was ill and I had to look after her.
New York is a nice place. She got back yesterday. She will show him some photographs.
my goodness ! what happened ? you have blood on your face. You just killed a pigeon. You have one pigeon.
The computer freezes every time I try to start this program.
James was fired because he got a keep back of 20 thousands dollars from a vender.
who did the stupid thing and why?
It snowed all day and the schools closed early. The temperature is 30 degrees now. It's going to snow tomorrow. Tina and joe don't like the winter.
Mike promised to help them, but they don't trust him.
Tom has just returned from Hawaii and is in a hurry, because he has a meeting with ann in half an hour.
Tom's novel has won the nobel prize.
Tom didn't go to the party last night because he was feeling homesick. He won't be able to come home for the holidays. He will go to a dance club with his friends tonight.
There was a problem with the plane last Thursday, but fortunately, there were few passengers on flight 198.
There are some things I miss about Taiwan, but I love Chinese food and people in Taiwan are hospitable. I grew up in Los Angeles, so I'm used to living in crowded places. I'm going to New York to visit my sister who is in art school. She lives there.
Parking is not allowed here, but there is a square in front of the store where they can park the car and go there.
Bob will come to help me.
could you tell me what university John wants to go to. He went to Harvard last year.
It rained too much at the weekend to go for a picnic, so she washed her car instead. She watched the football on Sunday.
What do you want for your birthday from your parents? Maybe a pair of new shoes. Why don't you ask them to buy you a pc.
Your husband is willing to help, but he's not as helpful as you think.
doesn ' t she have any friends? If she has any friends, they must be fair - weather friends.
let me get last week's notes. She didn't come to class.
i wonder if you agree that money is not happiness.
he has worked five years in that bank and is an experienced accountant. Let's ask him to work in our bank.
did you pass the test?
i 'm really curious what it's like to do housework all day for a living. She has been in business for one month and has ten clients.
A trivia game about the Oscars was bought today. It has questions about all types of movies.
The bank closes in 30 minutes and James needs to cash a check. He needs the money to buy a tv set.
My girlfriend wants me to arrive at her home in ten minutes or she will break up with him.
i ’m sure that the boy will become nobody when he grows up.
The noise next door is irritating. They are going to play the cd loud next door.
Jim bought a new computer and it's on his desk.
When I was at school, I was on the school team for the long jump, 100 and 200 meter sprints, the hurdles, the discus, the dong jump and the javelin. I was regional champion for the 100 and the 200 meters, but I couldn't compete with kids from other schools.
May I have an appointment with you tomorrow night instead of tonight.
People don't have faith in the government anymore.
how do you feel about teaching my friend how to read. He's 78 and he's a new emigrant from south America.
i had an argument with bob. Bob started the argument.
Stephanie has a new job as a math teacher at Lincoln high school. The salary is low, but the students are nice. Stephanie is also an air traffic controller now.
Tom and Helen got married last. Tom's father didn't agree with that.
i am feeling better now and want to play again. I will let him break the balls this time.
give me a call tomorrow.
i need to buy a new pair of trousers. They are uncomfortable and they look terrible.
would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not? I was married once and now I'm single.
what did you do over the weekend? I went to a global warming rally in London. It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment. There are a lot of things we can do to protect the environment, such as using public transport and recycling. The biggest issue for the future is having enough sources of clean water.
what a bother having to climb storeys home every day, but it's good for your health.
what do people usually do on saint valentine's day? On that day, boys are supposed to give roses to their sweethearts.
David is dr. smith's husband. He will pick up Joanna's wife, Dr. Smith, who has to work late today.
hey , ann sent a pen and paper to ann.
please excuse me , but I have to be going.
Mark and his girlfriend are sitting at home on Saturday. They are going to meet in Starbucks in 30 minutes.
bob's sister will go to America.
Tom didn't enjoy his lunch, because the chicken in his sandwich was underdone. Catherine's lunch was good, but she doesn't like fast food.
What is your favourite tv show?
My girlfriend is playing the army game with her ex - boyfriend again.
There was a car accident on spring road yesterday. One of the drivers needed surgery. The second driver had a concussion and needed some stitches for his head wound. He was released from the hospital yesterday evening. The other driver is connected to a heart monitor and breathing apparatus. His condition is poor but stable.
happy new year to Bill, Steven and Steve.
are you sure lucy has it bad for you? If she does, she will bend over backwards for you. If she doesn't, it would be a job for you to change her.
a friend of mine is now in the big house after he was caught selling cocaine.
Mark lost his job the other day and is up a tree now.
The aliens are sending a message to Mulder. It's a pager.
i want to meet you tomorrow instead of today.
Eve has been sneezing ever since she entered the office this morning. She has a headache and a fever. She will call her doctor and have him go over.
Mum and dad are going to watch a classical movie on Sunday.
You are in love with Mary, right?
i'm going on a cruise this summer. My brother won a free trip and is taking me.
where do you spend the weekend at a country house.
The company has lost a few of staff lately because of the low salaries.
Linda has had a bad cold for three days and can't get rid of it.
are you going to watch the Indy Five hundred on tv this weekend. You were a racecar driver and a baseball player in high school. Now you're a father.
how do you feel ? |
Jason will have to buy tickets for them for the movie.
do you need a hand ?   no, he can handle it himself. He will read a few newspapers and do a little sudoku while waiting for the plane to take off.
Dan and Jane are with each other now.
Man is getting cold feet and wants to give up his plans to marry Amy.
Mike had a terrible quarrel with his neighbor yesterday.
The new teacher is nice and teaches english three times a week. She can speak Chinese to her students.
The teacher has canceled the test.
Mike and Steve are going to meet for lunch tomorrow. They will go to a live outdoor concert by the river.
Jeffery has published his second detective novel. He wants to go to the bookstore to buy it. He is not interested in detective novels. He prefers magazines about fashions, such as cosmo polian.
When can we expect you for dinner on Friday at seven o'clock? She will try a new dish that she wants to try out on him.
i don’t understand why teachers always look happy all the time. It’s easy for him because he always exercises.
which kind of sport do you like to watch? basketball, football, table tennis, tennis, skiing, bowling, badminton, squash and indoor sports. I am good at tennis and skiing. I would like to play tennis with you.
Jerry is fine. He doesn't have anything for lunch for lunch.
Johnson is a new member and wants to get started using the machines. He will get a training card. He doesn't have any experience with weights. Today, he will go through the machines one by one with a trainer.
don ' t be afraid to give it a try.
what are you doing with today's crossword puzzle? He likes to do the crossword puzzles in the paper. He likes playing darts and playing cards. His parents used to play checkers and dominoes when he was little. His family used to have family tournaments every weekend. He has never played mah - jong.
i didn't like my brother batting around and not doing anything useful.
They got a divorce. Their love was on the sand.
Kathy likes traveling for pleasure, but she doesn't like waiting for buses and traffic jams.
Susan got married to a postman. He's not rich.
what sort of things do you grow in your garden and when is your garden at its best?
good afternoon. It's a beautiful day, but it's also very hot. The weather is quite warm in your country.
oh , no ! now she will be late, so he will drive her downtown.
What a great weekend at the beach. They will come back next weekend.
What is a coffee grinder and is it a grinder?
There is a new manager in the department. He's been with the company for two years. He wears a dark suit, white shirt and a tie.
It's a sunny day. Jennifer and David will study and play games together.
There's something wrong with my hands. I keep bowling spares but didn't get a strike.
Patrick and Bob's team won the match.
Ruth and Dorothy Heath will meet for lunch at Mouth restaurant on Thursday at two o'clock.
did you enjoy the movie "On the golden pond"?
Jackie is stressed out about the exams coming up. Jackie and Jackie will study together for the exam.
The new webpage design is much more effective than the old one. The new page is more user - friendly. The visitors to the new page are encouraged to give their contact information. They can sign up for a free monthly drawing. Their information goes into a database for future marketing mailers and advertising targeting. There are clear links to descriptions of the products and services. There is a specific area for on - line customer service.
After a few beers, drinking beer helps you sing better.
pardon me, but the dish is too spicy for me. I stayed in Sichuan for a year and got used to spicy food.
Tom wishes merry christmas to Tom and merry Christmas.
could you lend your bike to me for several days for the end of the week.
don't you feel a little strange taking the place of your old boss after he was demoted and then resigned. After a couple of weeks the atmosphere in the office returned to normal.
The loser has to take out the trash for a month for playing tennis.
 bill is coughing a lot in the evening. He needs something to keep him awake. He will go to bed early and get up early to work.
John was on vacation in Australia and New Zealand. He went bungee jumping. He jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught him.
what did her boss say to you ? He asked you to beef up in work.
It snowed all day and the school closed early. The temperature is 20 degrees below zero. It's going to snow tomorrow. Tina doesn't like winter.
Mom will proofread her paper before she hands it in.
How about going shopping this weekend?
merry christmas is almost here. He is not a Christian, he is Jewish. He will celebrate Hanukah soon. He doesn't want to go to a Christmas party at his house.
it ' s all over. I'm bankrupt.
Bill is dressing up as a vampire for Halloween. He likes Bill's costume.
i think that ’ s settled . _sent_c99_label.
Karen spent the weekend at the beach with some friends of her parents. She jogged up and down the beach and played volleyball.
Today the class is going to continue with their anatomy class. They are going to review everything they have learned. The brain, heart, lungs, stomach, intestines, kidneys, liver and bladder are the major organs of the body.
it ' s not good for business recently.
do you know how to play go? It's easy to play.
Linda and George haven't seen each other for a long time. Linda has just opened her own business as a professional party planner.
There is a new refrigerator and a new freezer in the kitchen. The worktop was in poor condition, so a new one was added. There are new pots and pans and utensils. You have added a few shelves for spices and ingredients.
Pat took ski lessons last year. He loves skiing. On weekends he ski all day long and at night.
Zina got Dave's e - mail a couple of months ago. She sent him the one that said he's a creep.
 bill martin cancels the reservation for the party tonight. He will reschedule the party for another night.
There are no wi - fi hotspots around and there are no internet access. She will use his laptop for a while to check her emails.
Sally is tired of western food. She misses her mother's sichuan cooking. Americans like butter, bread, sugar and cream too much.
Valentine's Day is a day when boys give roses and girls give chocolate to sweet hearts.
what will happen to the children if you break up with john.
have you ever been to Japan? I'm going to Japan in the fall. I've been there twice. On my first trip I went to Tokyo and Kyoto and on my second trip I visited Kyoto.
where do you live now and which street do youlive on?
Dick has been on the ball and never does things like that so he doesn't think it was him.
can i help you ?   yes. You must return the books within a month. If you are not finished with them in a month, you can come in and renew them.
Sam will come for a curry with Jane, susan, pete and two colleagues from work next Friday. They will meet outside at 8 o'clock at the restaurant on the corner with Oxford street.
did you have a part - time job when you were still in school. Yes, I worked in a pizza restaurant. I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
The play is dull and the production isn't satisfactory. The acting could be better.
i will borrow two books on hardware from the library.
i don't know why she married him. He never sees eye to eye with her.
why is the long face ? _sent_c99_label is upset at work. Another guy got a promotion and he doesn't know how to do anything. He sits there and kisses the managers butt all day long.
The watch is supposed to be worn on the left hand. It's better for right - handed people.
All the tickets for tonight's concert have been sold out. There will be the same performance tomorrow evening.
Tom drinks a lot, doesn't he?
The course in business management lasts for 9 months and costs 125 dollars a month. The next beginning class starts on October 25th. The class takes place from 7 to 9 pm.
how many passengers are there aboard the ship and how many people are on it.
what ’ s your schedule like this year? I have to pick up a lot of credits this year. I am majoring in french literature and have to take a class on 18th century poetry. I got the assignment last week. It is 100 pages long.
If Eric asked her out on a date, she would say yes. If she won the lottery, she'd buy two tickets for a trip around the world with him.
Something is wrong with the car and it won't start. He will get some tools for it for her.
i ' ve been standing here since half past seven and have been looking for you. You were late.
Dalian is a beautiful city. The climate is pleasant.
Mary and Ben have already separated.
Alice's father is 90 years old and he lives alone in a big house. He doesn't like to ask anyone for help. His grandmother was stubbornly independent.
How are you doing at the birthday party? Everyone is enjoying it.
It's Mary's birthday. She will have a cup of tea and a small piece of cake. Before she blows out the birthday candles, she has to make a wish.
how did you meet your girlfriend Amanda through a friend and when did you start dating?
There are some seats in the rear mezzanine for tonight.
i haven't seen your father in 5 years and he's not doing well. He started feeling weak about a year ago. He didn't take care of himself during his youth and now he's sick.
Wedding rings are cool for Jen.
hurry up, get in. The freeway will be packed at this hour. They will take a side street to get to ashburn heights.
i ' ve heard so much about japan. It's a beautiful country. france is located in the western part of the european continent. japan is made up of four large islands and many smaller islands located off the coast of the asian main lands. The climate is warm and moist in the south, mild in the central part and cold in the north. Yokohama is one of the most famous port cities in the world. Japan is the largest shipbuilding nation.
Mark often comes to me for advice. He might have a crush on me.
Mike had a terrible quarrel with his neighbor yesterday.
It's still early, it's already 10.
My uncle passed away last night.
diana watched the movie Forrest Gump last night. She wants to know which is more important, iq or eq. Jerry explains that iq is decided at birth, but eq is independent of iq.
come on, it's time to go, but he has to stop and get gas in the car first. He will wait for five more minutes and then he will go without her.
how ' s business ? |
wow , that terrible movie is finally over. It was two and a half hours long and it was the most wasted hours of my life. Next time I will pick the film and go to see it with a gay friend.
which language do you speak? _sent_c99_label studied french at school, Russian, Spanish and Japanese. He learnt some Russian while he was studying there and now he studies spanish in evening classes. He speaks Japanese at home with his parents. He's learning Chinese on the internet.
why didn't you tell me he had a girlfriend and that he is going to marry her?
Richard and I went to a movie last Saturday. He liked it, but I didn't. We went to the dance club afterwards.
would you like to go to work or continue your studies after graduation. It's not easy for a graduate with a bachelor's degree to get a job since there are so many graduates with master's and doctor's degrees. If I can get a Ph.D. abroad, it will be easier for me to find a job at home.
It's hard to get tickets for the movie. He got two at the tenth row.
What a great weekend at the beach that was.
i think andy's party is going to be fun. She will get back the sweater and black leather boots.
Mr. Smith is not enjoying the cookout. He spent the morning at the cemetery and put flowers on the graves of his war buddies.
Super Junior's new album came out last week and it's number one on the billboard. I went to their concert last night.
i am nervous about her presentation on Friday. She will meet with him tomorrow night in his office to work on it.
Tom is going to propose to her. Her parents want her to marry a Chinese man. She used to have the same problem when she was dating her ex-boyfriend.
Tom went to bed early and is in the bedroom.
The school will hold a singing contest in 5 days. The winner gets a panda radio. Ann is planning to enter.
i ' ve got to go to bed, because I have to work tomorrow.
i wonder if it is possible to organize a dinner party for all the colleagues in their departments. They are working very hard these days and it's time for everybody to relax. The dinner party will take place on Thursday evening after the weekly meeting.
Today is Thursday, May 1st, 2003. It's international labour day.
can you take part in our picnic this Saturday. We are going to a forest in the suburb. There is a beautiful river there.
Daniel has a crush on gucci. He wants to be her boyfriend. She is the cheerleader.
Mr. Turnbow's son, John, is bright and intelligent. He can pass the university entrance exam. Jack is tired and takes a couple of hours to brush up after an exam.
you have made a poor meal so I won't get you any more.
The library card is free, but you must pay a deposit. There will be a refund when you return the card.
John is very proud of his work.
what do you think of the plan for the new airport near here.
what do you think of the situation comedies that are aired every weekend.
May I invite you for a dance? There is a story about breakdancing in the paper.
could we borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend. The fundraiser is taking place in the hotel ballroom down the street. The van will be back on Sunday night. Mary and I will be driving the van. They will borrow a few chairs from the lunchroom.
Avril Lavigen was in a concert yesterday. You worked as a temporary staff in her concert. Avril is a Canadian rock singer and a song writer and fashion designer.
Can you lend me fifty dollars?
how do you think the transport system in our city could be improved? I think the public transport system could be made simpler. We should build more roads and charge people to use their cars in the city centre.
Today is December twenty - third, two thousand and two. Tomorrow is Christmas.
you are new to pcc and it is your first year here. You transferred from pcc. You wanted to attend this school originally but your grades out of high school weren't good enough.
Harris and Anne are getting married. Tom is getting engaged to Anne.
Jessica is going back to Holland next week. He will get her an ever - green plant to take back home.
Tom and Bill Smith have bought a new house in the suburbs. They are moving in today. They will have all their furniture in the house tonight. The party is next Saturday night.
have you ever been to xi ’ an ? I have been there several times on business trips. I want to see the old walls and terra - cotta warriors one day. I have never seen the terra- cotta warrior as it is outside the city.
tomorrow is Sunday. There is a beautiful farm in the countryside near Taipei. Some people go camping, some people pick fresh fruit, some go boating and some people go grass skiing. They will go to the lake and try to catch a big fish. After fishing, they will try horseback riding.
My friend was arrested by the police for drinking and driving. This is not the first time he has been arrested for driving under the influence. He was charged with a DUi when he was in university, but he got away with a fine of $ 500. He will probably lose his license, pay a fine and maybe spend some time in jail. He doesn't have a defence lawyer yet, but his sister is a lawyer.
The restaurant is asking all guests to wear a jacket and a tie in their restaurant. They will come back at seven.
Ernie and ernie are going to start a band.
i wish that I had access to the public library.
are you ready ? |
is this your brother - in - law? He married your sister ten years ago.
you seem to very busy these days. I am swapped with work after 10-day holiday.
The team has just scored a goal.
want to meet for lunch this Saturday, but I can't make it as I'm doing volunteer work at the children's hospital.
Tom's sister Jenny is crying. Tom is coming for her.
Mrs. wilson is angry with her and is angry at her.
can you tell me something about financial aid and how to apply for it.
How was Mei's party on Saturday? She didn't go. She stayed at home with her family and watched TV and films.
It's about 5 degrees centigrade today and it's going to snow tomorrow. The average temperature of Beijing is about 180 degrees, but in winter the temperature may fall to 10 - 15 degrees below zero.
Ben is not a bad man, but he disappointed us this time.
kelly and the guys want her to run for senior class president.
wow ! you look like a drowned rat. There is a thunder - storm today.
Today is tomb sweeping day in China. Many Chinese mourn the dead.
MARCIA congratulates Alison on winning the race.
why aren 't you at work?
how is the college search going for a music major? My parents are trying to pressure me into going to a catholic college. I have a lot of choices. I will talk to the college counselor next week.
i want to apply for a public or a private school. public schools are usually state funded, whereas private schools get their funding elsewhere.
excuse me, professor, I'm going to miss next week's class. I've made arrangements with a friend to take notes for me. The professor allows one absence per semester.
It was the worst and the best day of Taylor's life. He was in the hospital, but he's ok. He will tell her all about it another day.
the air quality in this city is horrendous. The pollution levels are so high that we are not supposed to go outside with a face mask again. There are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs, which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in the city. As much as I love this city, I'm going to find a greener city to live in.
what would you like to do tonight. You might go to a movie.
mary cheated on him. He will treat her as his best friend.
would you mind doing something for me and explain to me the meaning of the word.
Our maths teacher is rather humorous. Anne's history teacher is serious and boring.
hey , if you 're not busy this weekend, would you like to go see a movie with me and John Travolta. We'll see "European movie" starring John Travola.
could you do me a favor and give me a lift home.
i have an appointment for half past one. He has a problem with his class schedule. He was given two classes scheduled at the same time, but he wants those classes still.
it ' s said that the government will clamp down on the new policy. are you sure about that?
Mary's marriage is on the rocks as her husband often made pass at his secretary.
are there any interesting articles in today’s newspapers. The headlines are all about the presidential election in the United States. There is an interesting feature article in the business section about doing business in China and a report about the special economic zone near pairs. In the classifieds, one of our competitors is mentioned. There were several letters printed in the chronicle regarding the controversial article on drugs that they printed last week.
can you imagine a boat letting in the river.
i am looking for some information about home stay. During her first year in the US, she stayed with a family.
He followed me all the way home. When I got home, he was waiting for me. He didn't smile. The police won't do anything.
what is your favorite book and why do you like it best? I like the thorn birds best. If I have a chance, I will go to the bookshop and buy it.
May I help you? You have unpaid late fees. You owe $24.50. Until you pay it, you can't check out books.
how did you choose courses when you were abroad and how do you plan a college schedule.
so it is hard to be a black student on campus. There are stereotypes about black students and affirmative action stigma. Some people look down upon black students.
could you help me find my class. It's in room number 261 in the c building.
John has watched Beijing opera once. He's a fan of the opera.
A friend of mine taught me a game called scrabble. He is going to describe someone's face, and you're going to guess who it is.
Tad is hungry and wants to check out the food table. Mary moved in with Lee. malia hooked up with a guy she met on holiday.
you can take this car into consideration because it works well and its price is reasonable.
Emily's manager made a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them, he blamed them on her. There was nothing she could do about it, because there's a lot of bad blood between her and her manager. She's hoping to live with it for a while until she gets a promotion.
Can you speak English well?
David has been fired and Maggy didn't hear about it.
how would you describe your relationship with your boss. There was a rough spot.
She is now in a private school. It costs too much.
i am interested in a new apartment near the taxing plaza, but the price is very high. The apartment with three bedrooms, a large living room and 80 square meters is priced at 7500 yuan per square meter. The real estate agency says if I pay 25% down payment, I can move in at once.
i really like the record you lent me the other day. Everyone in the class enjoyed it.
we would like to have a look around the house. The courtyard is about 46 square metres. There are corn ears hanging on the tree branch.
He is going to meet his girlfriend in Thailand for the winter vacation. They have known each other over the internet for a few months and plan to be engaged next month.
 susan hasn't seen her for ages. They will grab a bite to eat and do some catching up.
George, Mary, Jeremy and Jeremy are going to the beach. They're going to set up a camp and play with the kids.
Dan's friend is getting married next week. Angela will come to the wedding with him. He will invite megan as well.
hey , look at the offer i got in my e - mail . It says that I can get rich quickly while working at home. I have to first send some money to the person who sent me the letter. After that, he will tell me how to earn more money. pyramid scheme is a scam that is based on a hierarchy.
we will take a break and listen to some music while studying for tomorrow's history exam.
when can we expect you and your daughter for dinner? next Saturday at 6 and 30. On Sunday at 6.30, he will go to a Chinese opera with his daughter.
i was thinking of holding the company retreat in the mountains in January, but it might be too cold for some people. The retreat will take place in April.
How may I help you? I need to check out books. I have a library card, but I have late fees of $24.50. Until I pay it, I won't be able to check any more books.
merry christmas is almost here. He is not a Christian, he is Jewish. He will celebrate hanukah soon. He won't go to the Christmas party at his house.
do you want to go shopping with me on Saturday morning.
welcome, young man. This is his first time here. His mom has a membership. He wants to become just like bruce lee. He should try the treadmill or the skipping rope.
The students' union is going to take new members. There will be an information session about the students ' union on Tuesday.
is that girl his girlfriend? It's not.
what do you do in summer? I go for walks, play sports or read a book. In winter, I play sports indoors or watch a film.
happy new year to both of you.
The course in business management lasts for 9 months and costs 125 dollars a month. The next beginning class starts on October 25th. The class takes place from 7 to 9 pm.
which social problem do you think the government needs to concentrate on most? Homeless people on the streets are the biggest problem. The government should provide some money for homeless people to build their own homes.
do you keep any pets, such as cats or dogs? No, because she's scared of cats.
would you like to see our new shirts? He's not interested in fashion.
Gary didn't come to the apartment. He was waiting for her at the cinema. They were supposed to meet at the theater at five to seven.
Dominic failed his mid - term exam at school today. He didn't study for it.
i haven't met the smiths for a long time because they have moved to Chicago.
 joe hasn't eaten for days and she's feeling sick. joe is in love with her brother, Jack, but she's too shy to tell him about it.
oh, they all went out. Did you make a wish?
how do you like the food sold in the sidewalk snack booth? It's better than the boxed lunch at work. It's convenient and the food is nutritious. The food sanitation is good. The bill is paid by month. She will go to the mcdonald's to have a take-out lunch with him.
what can I do for you today? I need to return a book and check out some books.
which sports are popular in your country? Most people like football, basketball, tennis, swimming, extreme sports, golf and extreme sports.
thank you for letting me borrow your portable cd player.
Sarah and I could see eye to eye with each other.
i'm catching the eleven o'clock train and will say goodbye.
The weather is terrible. It was sunny and warm yesterday, but now the wind is blowing hard. It will snow today.
The city is too polluted and we should do something about it.
i am looking for a comfortable convenient way to see the country. motor coaching is one of the fastest - growing segments for the travel industry. It's almost like going on an ocean cruise.
Tom Hanks is always my favorite film star.
my chinese friends told me that the spring festival is coming soon. It's the Chinese new year and the most important holiday of the year. On the eve of the new year, family members have a dinner to celebrate and visit each other to wish each other happy new year.
Rachel is going to stop smoking and stop drinking coffee for the baby.
Old McDonald has just got married to his 84-year-old wife. He is her sixth husband.
It's almost midnight and a new year is about to start. Last year she only went to the gym twice. This year she's going to meet with her friends and watch the ball drop in Times Square.
Sara wilson will help Tom with his bags.
are you working or are you a student?
I'm tired of my job in the bank and want to change it.
mike and Pat haven't seen each other for a long time. They went out for a couple of beers last week. matt saw a mouse run under his chair and he started screaming.
Jack got rid of his clunker car and bought a new one. He will give Jack a ride.
Bulldog 123 is 456 Cherry Drive, Pasadena, CA 91170.
i has an issue with her schedule. She has two classes on here at the same time. She wants to keep both classes.
i would like to run a farm. My uncle owns a farm and I have spent time working with him.
we still have one more day to go before we return home. There is a lager motor company nearby which is open to the public every weekend. They can go on a factory tour. Most factory tours are free.
look at the two kai yuan tong bao coins. They were made in different periods of the tang dynasty. The one made in the early tang period is bigger and has more characters on it, while the one with smaller and elegant characters was made in late tang period. There is a difference between the two coins, but it's too professional to tell the real one from the fake one. Various methods were used in history to produce fake coins.
There will be another sandstorm tomorrow. It's the fourth one this year.
what are you guys doing ?
Mr. Polly wants a break from his job. His boss is in the shop now. He will buy a bottle of soft drink for him.
Bruno is bored and wants to meet his American friends.
what ’ s the first thing you do when you go to the bathroom in the morning? I take a shower and look at myself in the mirror. I shave every workday and shave at weekends. I brush my teeth twice a day.
Miss wang is married and she has no children.
i'm not satisfied with the alarm and wants to have her money back.
Tom has a meeting in a minute, but he won't hold Mary up.
would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not? I was married once and now I'm single.
let me clear away the broken glass. I can manage it myself.
The fluctuation of the dollar is killing my company's profits. His securities have gone up in smoke. He has less money than before, because of the shifts in the exchange rate. He is considering buying the euro.
The sun is shining and the sky is blue. It's a perfect day to go to the beach and get a tan, but unlike you, I want to enjoy watching the sea.
Tom will be late for the train at 9:30.
did you bring some lunch with you? Yes, I packed it myself.
can you name some festivals of religious nature such as Christmas and Easter?
Sarah and Mat have already broken up. Jane is a plain Jane.
Bob is not coming and it seems like he's not coming.
 ashlan moved to Texas a few months ago. He has only read 10 pages of the da vinci code so far, but he saw the movie.
would you like a cup of coffee? The coffee machine is out of order.
It's a beautiful day. Mary and Mary are going for a walk in the park together.
How was the party last night? It was boring, the music was too slow, the food was lousy, and the crowd was the same old crowd. Mary was supposed to be my date, but she stood me up.
do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff for a business trip? I need a laptop, flash disk, a ballpoint pen, a pencil, a notebook, a pair of glasses, cell phone, charger, moisture, notion and a notebook.
why do all girls appear feminine after sophomore year? Because they are full - grown and have curvy figures. Some even do make - up. Ma Xiaooxiao is not my kind of girl.
Tom likes sailing, swimming, windsurfing, fishing and the seashore. Tom and Tom will stay in a big hotel or a cabin by the beach.
May can't see the panda in the cage, but she knows it's a panda. It eats bamboo and likes milk. Other famous animals in the world are kangaroo and koala bear from Australia.
you look fresh recently. I attend an aerobic class three times a week.
John had a dream when he was a little boy to be a pilot. Now he is a common office clerk. He wants to be an interpreter one day.
Tom has a new assistant, but joe didn't like her.
eric will be in China for one year and doesn't know what he should do after that. He is interested in learning some Chinese, but it's too hard for him. He will give it a try on Sunday.
Liu Wei is at a great party. susan marshall is at the party too.
It's Kate's birthday. Miss Zhang sent her a birthday present.
The May Day holiday is coming. I want to go to Shanghai, but I also want to visit hainan. Tasha has decided to stay in Tasha for the holiday.
what a pin - up she is ! _sent a picture of her.
There will be a live show of football tonight. ac milan versus real Madrid will be played.
i didn't expect to see you at this hour. You goofed off again and will probably get a bag.
Leo looks terrible. susan's brother dropped in for a few days. He doesn't do any work around the house. He sleeps in until noon.
i ' ve got an idea to make the game more interesting.
what ’ s wrong with it? It's broken. It costs $ 556.
what do you think of the new television channel? They are terrible.
i like your new skirt. It fits me.
Tea is good for health. There are many kinds of tea.
David was told by his girlfriend that he didn't clean the room, which made him depressed.
The mayor and high officials practice cronyism and a large number of guys who are good at nothing occupy important positions.
do you love me? You didn't answer my question.
You missed the film. It was stimulating.
hello , this is the admissions office. I'm calling about the continuing education program. I want to become certified in computer programming. They offer both night and weekend courses in a number of different subjects. If I give them my address, they'll send me an information packet and the application forms.
how nice of you to come. It's been a long time.
Marquet has to take biology, chemistry, maps and physics if she wants to graduated this year.
earning extra income on the internet is easier than you might think. After selling traditional craft items on the Internet last year, I have been able to make bank.
Linda stood me up on a date last night. She didn't keep the date for the first time. He did phone her this morning, but she hung up on him.
Lisa sent birthday wishes to aims and a present for her birthday.
Bill is going to send Mr. li some flowers on teachers' day.
Scientists in the US have discovered a new aids vaccine.
Harry was angry last night. It's the first time he's directed a play.
There was only one small pizza left.
Kevin will be in Shanghai for a few days and won't be back until Tuesday. He will call me when he gets back.
 lean is from Russia and Lvan is from Japan. English is a difficult language.
May is in the hall of ancient china. The relics are in glass boxes. There is a vacuum in every box. The tripod is from the ancient time.
Honey is going to be late for the dinner party. She will wear the striped short sleeved shirt with the checkered sweater and her lucky sandals. He will wear a silk tie, corduroy pants and a coat.
The books are two weeks late. The late fee is 25 cents for each day the books are late.
so what kind of music turns you on to? rock 'n' roll.
Robert had a cavity filled today. It hurt a lot, but the worst part was getting numbed. The dentist had to give him 3 shots.
merry christmas to you.
Yi and Jun are trying to keep the ball away from rich and Taylor, who are good players.
what are you doing with a map of the world and why are you looking at it?
what are you up to tonight, Steve?
John's uncle and aunt came to stay with him for a week. They didn't call him in advance.
Today is Thursday. The weekend is coming and so is seeing a film.
George and his family are going to the beach. They will set up an umbrella, a beach ball, a frisbee, a pail, a shovel and a shovel. The kids will play in the shallow area.
what do you think about studying in the United States and finding a house on campus or off campus for international students. For first - time students, coming and living on campus in dormitories can provide a certain level of security. When living off campus, you have more flexibility in choosing roommates.
Clive is a shooting guard. He plays the same position as Michael Jordan. He is also an outstanding football player. He has a girlfriend.
There are about forty hot leads from last week's exhibit as a trade show. You should contact them immediately, in the next twenty - four hours.
where ' s your hometown ?
i just got laid off and is feeling better now.
what will you do now? propose to her.
how do you usually get to school? I usually ride my bike. When I feel lazy, I drive my car. I used to have a car, but once I started using my bicycle to get around, I found that I didn't really need it.
Bob is handsome and popular among girls.
Carl doesn't like his new job as he is not used to working 9 to 5 hours a day.
The library is open from 9 am to 6 pm on Saturday and closes at 6.
i can't wait until my car is repaired. commuting with public transportation is killing me. The subway was packed this morning, so I got squeezed by about a hundred busy commuters on my way to work. The bus is even worse. I ride my bike to work every day.
why are you rude to your wife. She's a chatter box.
what he said disappointed me. He advised me to change to a more suitable course of study.
what do you think is harder, reading or writing? reading is passive and writing is active. I can read Shakespeare but I can't write it. Speaking or understanding are both harder than reading.
I just bought a new car. It's comfortable and goes fast.
Let's meet tonight at the Thai restaurant at about 5. I'll take a taxi.
professor will meet with him on Saturday at three.
The boy threw up and the boy was sick.
Bill doesn't know what to get his mom for Christmas. Last year he got her a ring that was two sizes too big and a pair of shoes five sizes too small.
It's ms. lin's birthday. She got a porcelain vase from her.
Tomorrow at half past seven in the morning, we will meet in the market.
It's cold in Taiwan, but it's not always this cold in Taiwan. This is the first winter for the girl from south California, so she should get some warm clothes.
good evening , mr. brown.
what are you listening to? Beethoven's music is incredible. He helps people relax. He also plays the piano. He doesn't listen to classical music. He prefers pop music.
want to join him for a midnight snack. He wants to have kebabs and roast squid.
A man from Taiwan is waiting for someone to put gas in his car at a self - service pump. It's a first for him.
My computer has caught a virus. George W. Bush's pictures of him in women's clothes are on it.
John seems to be in high cotton. He may become a big shot.
millions of amateur investors like you, have to rely on a dizzying array of financial newspapers , magazines and commentators to get investment information. The Wall Street Journal is one of the best financial magazines, but it's used on occasion by ces or bankers who leak their mergers in advance in order to get a positive spin. I like to read fortune and business week. A good broadcast company gets their information from real reporting.
There will be a parents' meeting in li ming's class on Saturday. She is worried about it because she didn't do well in the last exams.
Many companies in the industry are being unionized, so it's getting harder and harder to compete on a level playing field. My company signed up for the union.
According to the papers, the visiting team is a strong team in america.
Julie and Alex are getting married. Alex's best man is organizing the bachelor party. They are going to play drinking games, get him some gag gifts and have a good time.
aren ’ t you interested in watching the olympics? There have been some excellent performances by athletes from all over the world. Most people hope to see someone from their country win, but they are happy to see good performances by any athlete.
Jack is going to hire an interior decorator to look over his house. He will buy a crystal chandelier, a grandfather clock and some potted plants for the dining room.
Billy is hiding a camera in his coat pocket. It's a new snapshot sticker camera.
Pete will meet Peter Brown at the gate around 7. Peter will bring the letter.
I broke my sister's mirror and I don't know how to escape the punishment.
My accountant wants to save me a lot of money on my taxes this year.
There is a girl in his company that he likes, but he gets shy when she is around. He will try to ask her out for drinks after work.
excuse me and may I come in.
Lily is a girl of my dreams. He has a date with her on Friday. He will take her for dinner or a movie. There is a play on campus this weekend. He is considering going on a picnic.
Sue's boss has been giving her a lot to do at work recently.
Karen spent the weekend at the beach with some friends of her parents. She jogged up and down the beach and played volleyball.
Jenny is having fun at the party and would like another glass of champagne.
excuse me , do you know where the visa office is? I will walk you there. You are applying for a visa to study abroad. You have an interview with a visa official today.
The park in the city has a lake in it. They can go boating on the lake in the afternoon.
it is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas. The government is trying to change the situation.
The sun is up and it's time to get paddling. Today is Saturday, July 4th. It's also my mom's birthday. Beth's birthday is on April 2nd. They will have some granola for breakfast and pack everything into the canoe by 6.
jane is going to have a dinner with her friends.
The band is good. _sent_c99_label a dance invitation to the next dance. He is not a good dancer. His favourite dance is the waltz, but he also likes tango.
Mr . king is singing at seven on Sunday morning. He is standing on a ladder and banging some nails into the wall with a hammer. Mrs. King is bringing something pink for him to drink. The ladder is falling and he is hanging from the string.
mr. wilson sent a scarf to Mr. Wilson as a present.
Someone has just returned two tickets to the theater for tomorrow's matinee and someone else picked them.
i need to find a parking space on campus. The parking structure for students is on the west side of the campus. It was empty last time I went there. I went up there early this morning.
Mel gibson and Julia Roberts are going to the cinema this evening to see the new blockbuster starring mel gibson. The movie starts at 8 o'clock.
Jordan and anna are breaking up.
The company dinner is tomorrow night. There will be a banquet with prizes. Last year Vivian from accounting won a new car. The secret to winning is wearing red underwear.
A man was beating a woman in the park early this morning. He got help from another person.
Menuhin went to the symphony orchestra's concert the day before. The conductor was a descendent of Russian american immigrants. He is also a legendary violinist. He gave a performance of Felix Mendelssohn's violin concerto.
Alice and David got engaged last weekend while they were on their ski trip. They are getting married next June.
all the routine work really browns me off and makes me off.
yuck. She doesn't like the carrots. She will have chocolate cake for dessert.
oh , no ! i’ve been assigned to work with Jerry for the group project.
flowers for his favorite girl. He will help her with her coat and they will go to the dance. They will dance.
Jack is going to have a small get - together on Saturday night. Jack invited me, but I have other plans for this weekend.
hey, I'm a visitor from China and I love your music. I wrote the songs for the first time today. You are a regular singer in my band and in several other places.
could you come and spend the weekend with them, but she can't because she has a date.
excuse me . i don ' t think we have met before. My name is mary jenson and my name is bias chettri.
welcome to the university’s fifties anniversary. Mr. Lee will show him to dean Lee’S office building.
Nancy doesn't want to go to the park with the children.
Mr. Zhang was turned down for a date again. He has been trying to exercise more to get better at it.
have you heard the new song by the Beastie Boys? Why do you listen to rap?
Katherine is good at languages like Spanish, Japanese and sports like tennis and basketball, but she's not good at something.
are these your text books ? biochemistry, general ecology, botany, cell genetics, molecular genetics, and biochemistry. You have to review all of them for the final exam. Most students prepare their lessons one month before the exam. It's important to have copies of the teacher's notes, because most questions in the exam are based on them. The exam is not simple.
what ' s today ' s date ?
Mary was born in Beijing, but she spent most of her childhood in London. Her parents taught at universities. She graduated from university of Newcastle upon Tyne with a degree in cross culture communication. She started working at a university in London, but didn't like the job. Now she writes for China daily.
do you want a cigarette from me? I have given up.
Jordan hasn't seen him since orientation three months ago. He's living at the frat house now and commuting to school. His major is pre-med. He joined the great outdoors club and has been on two camping trips.
whatever we do, we should do it above board.
how did you get into hip hop and who is your favorite hip hop artist?
It's over between my friend and me. The cause is another boy.
how did you do on your belts exam ?   fantastic ! i got an overall score of eight. I got a conditional offer to apply for a visa.
we ’ve been over this a thousand times and the data is irrefutable. Horowitz's most recent study was flawed and there is a large margin of error.
My husband goes out drinking with his friends every night. She's fed up with it.
Charles hasn't finished his homework yet. His grandma wants him to have a walk with her.
Tim took the dog for a walk. He left the back door open. He didn't close the door to the basement.
have you ever played making ? _sent_c99_label hasn't, but his friends play it all day, all night and sometimes for the whole weekend.
my german teacher thought it would be a good idea to have german pen friends to write to in german. My pen friend will be writing in english. He wants to practice his language skills. His pen friend's name is olga. olga will introduce him to some of her friends who can write to him in German.
i had a terrible week. I fell down and hurt my arm, my son drove into a tree, the dog bit the delivery boy, and a storm blew the roof away.
Jenny is going to the bank to cash some checks. She will go to Japan for business for 5 days next Tuesday. She won't bring a lot of money with her.
does she make any sense to you? It's all Greek to him. She's speaking french.
do you love me? You didn't answer my question.
what do you do in your spare time? I like almost all kinds of sports and listening to classical music. I like playing basketball and reading the novels of Dickens. I also like listening to Beethoven's works.
do you have any hobbies? What are they? I am interested in watching tv or playing relaxing games. In my spare time I usually read or entertain myself. My favorite books are about detectives.
It depends on where you are and what position you are in. For instance, if you're in an elevator and you smile, you will make other takers uncomfortable.
It's nice and bright today. The autumn is marvelous here, but winter is hard. There is a lot of rain during the summer, so you should bring an umbrella.
i am betting the new york yankees will win. Ken is betting the red sox. He is against the yankee.
when in Rome, do as the Romans do. They live in Rome and go to work by car or bus, but sometimes it takes too long because of the traffic jams. They walk to work. They eat spaghetti and drink wine. They enjoy life.
My mother works in a company as an accountant. She's busy.
please fill out the form.
are you going to the cafeteria downstairs and will get me a takeaway from the cafeteria.
After the play, there will be a party for the cast and their friends. The woman playing ophelia is a past classmate of mine. He used to be a part of the stage crew in high school.
Many congratulations on your winning the game but it's nothing special.
that 's good to know . They will watch for crazy drivers. They are going to play touch football.
Hans was waiting for Cindy. Cindy was caught in the heavy rain.
The thesis due date is coming, but my thesis isn't done yet. The professor said it's poorly written, so I have to rewrite it.
i am trying to decide what school to apply to. public schools are usually state funded, whereas private schools get their funding elsewhere.
you are planning to go to graduate school and find a job after graduation. You should focus on your graduate school entrance exam.
look at these clothes designed by top fashion designer like versacci, calvin klein, and vivienne westwood. They have a fashion show where they show what they would like to see people wear.
David took part in a Chinese contest and won a trip to China. He doesn't have to pay for the trip.
dora and dora are going to the museum tomorrow. They will see an art exhibition on the 2nd floor.
good afternoon. It's a beautiful day, but it's also very hot. The weather is quite warm in your country.
i ' ve been looking forward to the new semester. There will be a new english teacher this semester.
post office offer lots of services nowadays. You can buy things at post office that were never sold there before. They have a philately counter where one can buy stamps for his collection. They are also the place to collect welfare benefits, like unemployment benefit and child support benefit.
She put a lot of makeup on her face but natural beauty comes from within. cucumbers are natural skin soothers.
it sounds that you have a high opinion of him, but he is not a fine wether friend.
welcome to little Italy. If she hadn't married an Italian man, she wouldn't be pregnant so often.
what was that noise ?
Two people were robbed last night near the park. The area around the park should have more lights.
well , that ' s it . 7 appointments in Paris, 4 in Frankfurt at the end of the week. He has to be in Paris on Sunday evening, in Frankfurt by 11 on Thursday morning, and in Paris for 3 nights. He will head home on Friday. His last appointment is at 3.
what is the best place to park in the student lot or on the street.
Would you like to play golf with me? I will teach him. He will pick you up in the morning.
Mike, Bill and Bill will go for a spin in Mike's new car. It was sold for a lot.
Would you like to go to the natural history museum with me?
My wallet is lost and it drives me bonkers.
Mr. Jones and Miss Bell met at the airport after a long time.
is there a lot of snow in this region at this time of the year? There is.
Sandra went hiking in the mountains on Saturday and it was fantastic.
Scientists replicated a sheep into an identical clone and it was successful.
A famous woman has contributed to a new school. She will name it after her father.
what are you doing over the weekend? I want to go camping.
Mr. Wu will come in and sit down.
Tom and Betty's father is feeling better today.
i am happy to know that the promotion campaign for the new product is successful. The product made a record sale this season. The marketing department has done a three-month research. The research and development center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market.
Mary and Bob will not see each other anymore.
Tom doesn't like jazz. He doesn't play the piano. He plays the trumpet. Wanton marsalis is his favorite band.
There are two hours of advertisements in the movie. Bruce willis drank a coke for his health.
Gav slept well last night and didn't have any nightmares. He has to drive to school for a meeting this morning. He will get stuck in rush - hour traffic. A school called him to teach classes this weekend. He is supposed to work on a paper that is due on Monday.
speaking of classical music, we should never forget about the New Year's concert of the Vienna Philharmonic. I went to the live show in 2010.
it seems to me that you are on very good terms with him. He met me at a dance party. He fell for me.
The matter has been settled under the rose as it's the only way to preserve her reputation.
 can he see his passport and documents back. He will be studying at Nottingham university for about a year. He has a housing contract with the university and will be staying in a dorm room on campus.
i can't even imagine you snorkeling, but with the new watch you can go anywhere.
Going to the cafeteria is not my type of food. I am a total meat lover. They have been serving the chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days now.
i am going to give an end - of - the - unit test on Friday. He will also give a coaching session tomorrow.
What can be done to stop smoking? A warning on each cigarette packet would be a good idea.
The author was a famous writer and politician. He was born in 1911 and died in 1985. susan will answer the text in English.
My brothe and her brother are going to Tibet next week. They have just finished making their itinerary. They will stay in youth hotels.
excuse me, I would like to apply for a library card. I am a student from out of state and don't have a local driver's license. I have a current electricity and phone bill in my name.
see you later , alligator.
Cindy and her boyfriend met in a science class last term.
Karl and his wife are moving in next door to chuck jones. chuck is from Chicago and will be their neighbour.
i hear that you are in love with Mike.
are you going to tell me about the stamp, or not? There are still three days left in the auction.
John came back from America last week. He speaks English fluently, even though he's only lived there for three months.
what courses are you going to take next year. You will take chemistry and physics, but you haven't decided on the other subjects yet. You want to take english literature.
The wife works at home. She cooks, cleans and takes care of children.
what kind of movies do you like, sue ? _sent_c99_label he likes all kinds of movies. He loves romance.
what are you thinking about ?   about my boyfriend.
Phil is a friend of Helen's. alecia has tried these little ditties and likes them.
i usually bowl with an eight ball. He likes the control of a light ball because he can spin it more and the ball hooks. He prefers heavier balls because he has more control. He will try to bowl with a heavier ball.
Chinese people like to touch my head and sometimes touch my cheeks. I don't like it.
There are no wi - fi hotspots around and there are no internet access. She will use his laptop for a while to check her emails.
The course is a lot of work. She is doing some research into the languages of African tribes. She learned to speak swahili when she was little. She took her exams two weeks ago. She left feeling confident about her score.
There is a blackout. There is a political science exam tomorrow. It's a bad time to lose half of a paper.
mr. Black's children are making a lot of noise and he can't concentrate on his paper.
Bill touched the wet paint. The headmaster asked him not to.
Zach has a fever, jetlag and flu. He has an important meeting to go to today. He will stay home this morning and rest, but if he feels better in the afternoon, he will go to the meeting. Zach has a red rash on his arm and a cat allergy.
craig is a student at Boston university studying english, math and history. He has been studying english for more than six years. His English is good, but he doesn't speak very well. He doesn't have many friends here yet. He is having a party tonight at his apartment.
There is going to be a screening of final destination 3 at the campus cinema tomorrow. Jason will go to see it. He loves horror movies, but he doesn't want to go with Jason.
wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate at the lantern festival. There are also a lot of characters on the lanterns. It's a tradition to solve the puzzles on lanterns during the lantern Festival. There is a huge dragon lantern.
He murdered his wife, but he's innocent.
you always stick to your pc recently. For her, chatting online has gone out of style. In order to have more visitors, she has to land on others' blogs and leave messages for their blogs.
Will you be okay when you immigrate to america?
A few of the new staff have already left the company. The company has a policy of paying according to seniority in the company so new employees get low salary.
Michelle has a new baby. It's her first grandchild and her first nephew. The baby looks a lot like her father, Richard.
Mark didn't come to work today because he had a hangover after a birthday party for David last night. He will come tomorrow. Bill and his wife had a baby girl.
what kind of music do you like listening to and why do you listen to it? I like music that has a fast beat and is lively, like dance music. I go to a disco almost every week, but sometimes it's too loud. I like classical music too, especially Mozart or Bach. It's good for the brain and reduces stress.
Wang Mei bought a new dress for thirty yuan in a store near her school.
yeah, I’ve just moved here and I want to activate my cell phone. My phone can’t be used in the us, because it’s not compatible with 3g network. I don’T want to have to buy a new phone, so I will sign a three - year contract and get a blackberry curve for free. There is a special promotion right now.
excuse me , professor, I have to leave class early because I'm not feeling well. I will come back for a few more minutes.
when he told me I had to work overtime, it was the last straw.
paul sends you his regards.
do you think I still fashionable in this dress? I think so, because blue is still very fashionable at the moment. The dress came out last year. It will probably stay in fashion for a few more years. It would be too expensive for me to buy new clothes every year.
He just broke up with ann. He has a new girlfriend.
Tom will take a rain check on his plans to go to Mary's to watch videos tonight.
Laurie is worried about the exam. She doesn't know what to write down on it. Laurie will photocopy all her notes and compare them to the professor's.
Stephany will go on a group date with all of her friends to go fishing.
Jenny's last name is snow. Jenny's eyes are blue and her hair is brown.
The pills my doctor prescribed are causing chaos on my hormones. I have been having a lot of mood swings lately. This morning I felt detached and lonely.
Mom got her master's degree from Miami university. She has a picture of her in her cap and gown. I will make a slide of it for her.
michael jackson is coming to town.
what do you like to do with your free time? study English.
David will have a small glass of water. He will not have any coffee.
how long have you been working in the company and what is the difference between working in a company and studying in college? I came two years ago after graduating from college.
Mary is back. Her bid on the buddha is still the highest, but the stamp is not the highest.
what did you say to him that made him angry? You sent him a label.
professor wang looks handsome today in a light brown suit and a pink tie. He wears the same suit and tie each day.
There is a tornado warning on in southern Wisconsin. A tornado has been spotted. It was heading toward my friend's house, but it didn't hit.
The general manager is regarded as a baby doll and his wife is a baby Doll. She used to have many followers.
This afternoon's meeting is cancelled. bean sent me over a hundred forwards today.
stop running around in front of the tv and stay away from the bald man talking in the program.
How did your interview go? It went well. If you get the promotion, you will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer. You will get a pay - raise.
The map of Africa should have been handed in last Thursday, but it wasn't. The excuse is that his mother has been ill, so he had to stay at home.
The unit is participating in a fundraiser at the beach by the pier this weekend. They want to borrow a van from the garage. They will use the chairs from the lunchroom as well.
hi, I saw the movie of "Death on the Nile" and want to borrow it from you.
Kobi Bryant and Shaquille O' Neal are Los Angeles Lakers' star players. Michael Jordan is Los Angeles Clippers' older player. He doesn't slam as much as he did when he was younger.
How are your parents doing these days? They are fine.
Mike Sanderson gives the international weather report with bob. It's been a bad week for the world because of unprecedented meteorological events.
It's the anniversary of last year.
Jack is weak, weak and always eats dirt.
My friend Jane is very beautiful.
excuse me, I'm from Taiwan. I'm going back to the states to visit my family. I teach history at Dong - hai university.
Are you a freshman in college? I transferred from Pcc to a new college.
The band is good and the music is fun. The band is inviting him for the next dance, but he's not a dancer. He learned to dance in college.
The bible says that Jesus Christ was resurrected three days after he was crucified. People commemorate that at a festival called Easter. Easter is celebrated on the first Sunday after a full moon on or after the 21st of March.
Bob and Jenny are meeting for a drink tonight at 7. Jenny is sick with the flu.
my son came home from three years in the navy.
what are your hobbies? sports.
It's a lovely day. He met the girl living under him today. She's single and has been living there for a while. He will call her to invite her for dinner.
Ricky is a new student at hong lei and had his first lesson this morning. He has been here for six months. He is in intermediate three, intermediate three and advanced one. His teacher is probably anne wallis. She taught him last term. Ricky is staying at the ymca at the moment, but he is looking for a more permanent place. His friend has a spare room in here apartment and she is looking to rent it to him.
The editor - in - chief of a monthly magazine asked me to become an assistant editor. The columnist for the literary criticism column will be going on pregnancy leave soon, so I will be in charge of the column until she comes back. My articles will be due fortnightly. The magazine comes out monthly.
The teacher accused myra of cheating in front of the whole class. She should have done it privately.
Sophia told sophia that she was coming to the place. sophia sent some grappa to cure her shyness.
Allen will go first as he's the groom.
Are you free tonight and will go to a dancing party with me. She will see him at 6.
i would like to watch the oscars on tv tonight. He likes watching it for the fashion. His favourite award category is the best foreign language film.
Me has been elected to do overtime on the baker account. He has already logged in 20 hours of overtime. There was supposed to be an assistant, but nobody turned up, so he is left on his own to do the work.
jimmy is going to wear his favourite robe for tonight's cocktail party.
Will not go to the theatre with him tonight. He will go tomorrow.
i don't know what to do if she can't find the money.
Jen is going to tell her fortune on her face. She sent her a facial paper.
have you finished your work yet?
Bob will get registered for the boxing club tomorrow.
The ref didn't whistle. He favors the host team.
what do you think of the former champ ? There were some bad misses in his defence and he lost it.
Lily is leaving for Washington tomorrow morning at 9:15. Lily will come and see her off.
Dad retired last week. He wants to travel to several different countries around the world in his retirement.
you are not looking happy. You need a holiday.
delicious ! did you make the chocolate cake yourself?
let ' s take a coffee break.
The national anthem of Canada is ' o canada'.
It's a beautiful day.
Jim Thomas is coming to Europe in three weeks. He will sublet his apartment in the summer to a colleague of his.
Carl has a new car. It's a shiny, beautiful car.
could you tell me the right time, please? My watch says five past two, but it has been losing time.
How is your business? It's getting worse. You should make a thorough market investigation now.
Sue has just had her new poems published. Her brother is going to study in the UK.
mike can't catch up with his Chinese teacher. He should take an additional course in some Chinese schools.
It's raining outside. It's very hot in Catherine's hometown. She likes it in spring and fall, but she doesn't like it in winter. She lived in Boston for three years.
god, I didn't know who you were with. You were spying on me. You probably rented those children. The entrance to the store is around the corner. You do not own the phrase around the corners.
Dad and mom are going out for dinner tonight. They are reviving the old tradition.
Hellen has been in America for a couple of weeks. She is going to register at Harvard next month. She's going to major in tourism.
Mary is going to be vice president of marketing. Vince and Alvin are working for Zina now.
why don't you have dinner with me tonight at 6:00.
The videographer has already started filming my parents trying to speak english with the flight attendants. The flight attendants are coming over here with bottles of champagne. It's time to get married on the plane.
May I return the book and check out the books. The books are due back in two weeks.
suit wrote me a letter. She got a master degree and is going for her doctor's.
i am sorry, but she left her disk at home.
Let's go to the seashore on Saturday and go sailing and water skiing.
Dou wants to join a basketball team, but it will take too much time for Mary.
titanic made a hit because it was touching.
congratulations ! you have just won a car.
how are your wedding plans going? The wedding will take place next Sunday at ten o'clock on the morning of next Sunday. It will be a large church one. The wedding dress is ready and the designer took many weeks to make it. The reception will be at the palace hotel.
Steven will come in and have a chat with his wife.
John has been out of town and hasn't seen John for ages.
We have to set 1000 dollars aside each month to buy our own house.
Jeff hocked his stereo last week. He had just enough money to make ends meet until payday. Last Wednesday, he received a phone bill of $ 195.00. His brother had used his phone earlier this month to call his girlfriend, who was 3000 miles away.
The first settlers of Massachusetts befriended a native named squanto, who taught them how to harvest food from the area. They had enough harvest for the next winter and decided to have a big feast for the natives. They gave thanks for the land, for the food, and for healthy and new lives. They are having turkey, pumpkin pie, mashed potatoes with gravy, and stuffing.
Cheers to their first night in their new apartment.
Mary needs to go to the ladies' room. ms will give her a hall pass.
what do you think of the speech the man delivered just now? I don't believe him.
My friend is getting married on Saturday. She and her fiance had cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook. People sign their name by the item they will buy. Most of the things in the notebook were household appliances. I bought a sewing machine for my friend.
Jimmy has been sitting in front of the tv watching infomercials and public service announcements all day. His favorite show is on in a couple of minutes. It's the series finals of a sitcom.
i ’ ve had it with working for a company that doesn’t do anything. He wants to create his own company. He will write a business plan and get investors.
are you a blogger? I'm a blogger. I've been writing a blog for almost three years. I began blogging when I first went to the us for my graduate strides. I write about my life there. Sometimes, I'll post pictures on my blog.
what are they going to do on Saturday? They are going to see a movie at the century fox.
Candy Brown is from New Orleans. Jim White was born in New Orleans and he has a phone number for Candy.
It's a nice spring day. The sky is clear, the sun is shining, there is a cool breeze and it's not too hot. They're going to have lunch outside and sit in the shade.
Congratulations on the promotion, but I hate having to leave here and work abroad.
 bob is confused by the abbreviations in his chat with miun.
why are you in such a good mood today? Yesterday, you went sky - diving. You are scared of heights.
look out ! _sent_c99_label that you have rolled over something.
mr . green would like to introduce Mr. brown to Mr. Brown.
My boss has been ordering everyone around lately. He was selected to fill the vacancy in the ceo slot. When the last ceo left, the company was worried about the future of the company.
okay , can I ask you something direct ? _sent_c99_label. He wants to know if she bullied him into this.
have you ever been in an earthquake? I experienced one when I was in tokyo once. I was also in a few tornados as a child. My father's car was destroyed in a flood the day he bought it.
There is a tornado warning on in southern Wisconsin. A tornado has been spotted. It was heading toward my friend's house, but it didn't hit.
is this your brother - in - law? He married your sister ten years ago.
Ernie got into pop music after listening to it on the radio.
Mary is waiting for a bus and going for a walk in the park.
Bob has a mole on his face, but Tom does not.
My mattress was supposed to be delivered today, but the delivery people showed up four hours late. I was late for work, so I want my money back.
Pete lives in London, but his family lives in Seattle. He and Andrea met at a party last week. They will play tennis together.
Every year the south has the floods.
John had a heart attack last night. His nephew took him to the hospital.
watch out ! you are too close to the fire place. My clothes are made of leathers.
you talked like the terminator for two months. 'Terminator' is a great action movie. I like action movies because they're exciting.
Palmistry is a practice in which a person takes a look at another person's palm to read their future. It is possible to tell the future from a person's hand.
Michael will probably become the new sales manager.
Melissa will come to frank's wife's birthday party on the 9th. They are going to have dinner at a mexican restaurant and go out dancing.
Janet's daughter's birthday is next week. Her birthday is in December just before Christmas. Pete's son's birthday will be in April. Janet has birthday in December but nobody remembers.
thank you very much for everything you have done for me during his stay in China. He wants to see his wife and his wife off.
how do you usually spend your leisure time and what are your special interests out of your job?
Last Saturday she bought the article for her husband, but he doesn't like it.
Lily has a crush on a boy she met on msn. He told her she is his dream girl.
Natasha's family came to visit her. They are her parents, her father, her two older brothers, her younger sister and her younger brother. She is the only child in the family. Her younger brother is 10 years younger than her and they are very close.
is there a city where it's always warm? San Diego is one of them. Most of the cities in the southern part of the United States are hot all year. There are several cities where it rains a lot, such as Seattle, Washington, and Portland, Oregon. In the north there are some cold cities, like Boston and Chicago.
The number one new year's resolution for people is to spend more time with friends and family. They always make a new year’s resolution in January, but by February they forget about it.
you don’t look like enjoying this workout.
bye and have a good day.
i had a terrible row with her boss. She will not apologize.
Jack is reading advertisements for houses for sale. He's not buying a house yet. He prefers a wooden house with a garden fence and a sloping roof, but his house has large windows and a large veranda. Jack is organizing a barbecue next week.
John will prepare some food for the picnic. He will take fruit salad, crackers, chicken wings, picnic blanket, napkins, disposable plates, cups and a dragon kite with him.
Shanghai is much warmer than London in the summer. The buses and trains in Shanghai are more modern.
Mom will talk about the philosophy of life with her daughter.
do you like the harry potter books and movies?
Luke hasn't seen anna for a while. He went on holidays with his husband to bangkok, Hong Kong, China and the Great Wall of China. His wife doesn't like traveling. The first time they traveled together was in 1978, when they got married.
The pool is open now. It's the end of the school year.
Donna shocked everyone at the party last night with her performance. She was part of a band in school.
Would you like to join the drama club?
Jim didn't go to the roller rink on Saturday, because he ran into a foxy lady that just moved to his block.
Last weekend I stayed at home and watched a movie, because I was tired.
i ' m not a vip and I'm not a guest.
Is there a lot of crime in your city? A lot of it is petty crime, burglary and car theft. Most of the crime is committed by drug addicts who need money for drugs. In my city, there is a very good drug rehabilitation program. The police and courts are tough on people who commit crimes.
Ella had a good time and wants to meet again with Ella. Ella will call Ella next week.
he said he will get married by the end of this month.
My son closed his ear to what I said. I don't know what to do.
i got a raise.
i would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans. If I were famous, I would do interviews for Cosmo and Elle and would do a lot of charity work. I would probably support a children's charity.
Tom is sick of Jenny’s brother but he likes Jenny.
what do you think of the new television channel? They are terrible.
do he mind if he sits here? He had a chemistry class together in high school. After high school, he went straight to university, but he took a year off to go travelling. He got a grant to study Chinese.
Mary didn't come to work this morning because she has a bad cold. She has seen a doctor and taken some tablets. She will get some books or magazines to read.
Sally is tired of western food. She misses her mother's sichuan cooking. Americans like butter, bread, sugar and cream too much.
i was thinking about applying for the new position but is not sure if he would like the job.
The murderer was sentenced to life imprisonment for murdering a man.
David went on a trip to Europe with his family last week. They went to London, Paris, Paris and a few other cities. He didn't go to Berlin, but he would like to go there next time. He went there last year.
Francis will spend 15 minutes online every day checking his stock bonds and booking an air ticket for his mother. The company doesn't have a return policy.
have you started your report yet? It's easy to find the information.
Dr. Smith is going to take over as dean of the department.
Laura's family is in the United States now, but they were from Costa Rica originally.
Flight to Rome is delayed. The time of departure will be announced soon.
After you will come after you.
Tina and Tina will go for a celebration this evening at 5 pm at the cafe down Tina's office building. Tina has passed the first two rounds of interview with abc company and will go to the final round next Monday.
are you going to leave school at the end of the term. You are going to work as a clerk. You want to be a vet.
There are about twenty million people living in Australia. The biggest city is Sydney, followed by Melbourne, then Brisbane, then Melbourne, and then perth. If Michael had to live in one place, he would choose Brisbane. He had his teenage years in Brisbane.
jim was late again.
can you tell me what the date and time of their field trip is? They are leaving on their science field trip at 8 a.m. next Monday. They will arrive at the campus at 8 p.m., half an hour early. The bus will bring them back 6 days later, on December 8th.
There's nothing wrong with me, I'm just depressed lately.
Mary was born in Beijing, but she spent most of her childhood in London. Her parents taught at an university. She went to university in Newcastle upon Tyne and graduated with a degree in cross culture communication.
Amy has just got two tickets to see the Olympic opening ceremony. She and amy will go to a restaurant to celebrate.
The lecture is dull and boring.
steven's wife is going to divorce him because he has an affair with his secretary.
Mary has really gotten under my skin. When he was young, he felt the same way.
finally we 're on board. There are two window seats and one aisle seat on the plane, one near the window and one on the aisle. The smaller carry - on bag can go in the overhead compartment, and the others can go under the seat.
i want to have a complete relaxation this weekend at home.
i like football best of all. do you?
Colin is a freelance english teacher. He's looking for a job in the it field. Abby is looking for flexible hours in the It field. Colin has sent his CV to dozens of companies but nobody has got back to him yet. He will come over to Abby's office tomorrow and help her update it.
The new teacher is nice and teaches english three times a week. She can speak Chinese to her students.
The phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50. If the phoenix beats rocket, it will enter the final.
Julie Ashley and Paul Hill have been in touch for ten years.
Marquet has to take biology, chemistry, maps and physics if she wants to graduated this year.
do you like traveling and have just come back from Scotland. She visited Edinburgh. She has a lot of friends there.
Chandler is tired. His company has been holding too many training sessions lately. Chandler and other employees have to participate in training after work and during the weekend. Chandler thinks that the training should be held during the working day.
The company is selecting three employees to attend the marketing seminar next month. The seminar is going to be held in Hawaii.
i think I will write a book about healthy habits from around the world.
Menuhin went to the symphony orchestra's concert the day before. The conductor was a descendent of Russian american immigrants. He is also a legendary violinist. He gave a performance of Felix Mendelssohn's violin concerto.
Wendy is being cremated and her ashes will be spread in the ocean.
Nicole quit her job as a food critic to start a business.
you can't beat me at tennis, because I'm better.
Kevin and Kevin will not be in touch anymore.
Shakespeare was born in 1867, but he wasBorn in 16th century.
He went to the doctor, but he refused to take the medicine.
Dr. Cole would like to attend the party next Wednesday.
The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half. The Russian team needs to tie the ukraine to get the pass for the final.
what are you looking for in a new digital camcorder for a trip this summer? I want to buy a sony model for my trip.
do you think what i did to elvin was out of line ? You could have tried to explain to him about the new programmers.
Leo is fed up with his house guest. He walked into the living room in the raw yesterday.
why don't you come round for a meal one evening next week. She will come on Thursday at 6:00.
bob forgot their wedding anniversary last year.
belinda is going to a party tonight. She will wear a white shirt with a blue tie and brown leather shoes. Belinda will pick up her husband after the party.
Mrs. Smith hired him as a policeman to find her lost son.
let 's go to a bar tomorrow night and try to find him a girlfriend.
The stockholders voted unanimously to block the merger of our company with blycore.
There was a folk singer, a violinist and a pianist at the concert last weekend.
great ! i landed on classic movies, especially Gone with the wind.
Brad from school asked her out today. She doesn't know what to do about it.
now that it’s the new year, he has a new job and a new city. He has decided to stop smoking. He also decided to come out of the closet.
why are you in such a hurry? _sent_c99_label. She should finish it as soon as possible.
Janet is a beautiful girl. She is rich and her old man buys her anything she wants.
Swimming is a good exercise for health. It promotes the growth of muscles, bone, viscera and nerve systems. swimming in great waves and deep running water can train people's spirits.
There was a TV show on last night about animal rights.
John will start selling in the U.S. next year. He will probably be transferred to the american office. John studied marketing in the US and would like to be part of the team there.
Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds, but he's not very good at the long jump. Jimmy can jump over two meters. Kate is good at diving from a height of 10 meters. Some of the children can run the 1500 meters in less than five minutes.
how many people are there in your family? Besides your parents and yourself, there are your brother and sister. Your sister is 15 and your brother is 25. You don't go home often but you write to them often.
wow, american football is more exciting than I thought. The giants are up by three points because of the field goal they kicked. The redskins have the ball and are close to the end zone. A player tackled a player so hard his helmet came off. The referee called a penalty on the home team.
who stands out in your mind as a man or woman of sound character ? I think of Abraham Lincoln. He was the US president who walked five miles to give a lady a change. He ran for office a few times before he was elected. He fought for equal rights.
what ’ s your working day like ?   I have a typical 9 to 5 job. I get a bonus each month depending on the value of the contracts I sign with clients. There is an hour - long lunch break from 12 to 1. We can take coffee breaks during the day. I work in a cubicle, but I don't like it.
freeze ! FREEZE!
Dan got a divorce. Sally found out about it from his wife.
Jack is having several friends over for dinner on Saturday. Rose wants him to join them.
Joanne has accepted the alimony proposal, the division of property and the custody agreement. She will keep the cat and the dog, while he will get the silver tea set. They will try to reconcile.
What is the time now? It's four o'clock. You got up late today.
Sally and Mary are going to the gym tonight. Sally will meet Mary there.
whose part do you think is best played by the old man is the one that I like best.
There will be a tailgate party before the game at 5 pm. There will be barbecue in the back of the truck.
what may I do for you to get a passport? I need to apply for one right now. I will take your picture and you will get it in a few weeks.
You can hire a car and drive straight to where you want to go.
Would you put the cigarette out for me.
Aanna is mad at her and wants her to leave her.
It's a fine day today after the downpour. It looks as if it's going to rain tomorrow.
when can we expect you and your daughter for dinner? next Saturday at 6:30. On Sunday, you will go to a Chinese opera with your daughter.
hey , look ! they are playing reruns of the 1996 olympics. Michael johnson set a world record in the 200 and 400-meter race. Carl Lewis won four golds in the 1984 Olympics.
Will you go to the cinema with me on Friday or Sunday.
come on, fellows, let's enjoy his wife's cooking.
Guess what? I'm going to the mountains with my family for the weekend.
Mr. Schmidt is going to become a father. He has a surprise waiting for him when he gets back.
Fred often goes to the bar near his dorm when he's tired.
what a lovely day it is. It is neither too cold nor too hot. The weather is usually a bit hotter than today. In winter it is pretty cold and it often snows. When I was a child, I saw a hurricane.
are you travelling in america for business. You are a salesman in a foreign company. You will spend half a month in America for the business. Your job is as a reporter at a tv station. Your salary would be at least 15,000 $ a year.
what a charming room ! it faces south and has a lovely view of the city. The bell is on the bedside. The room attendant speaks a little English. There is a socket for the razor by the basin.
you are my hero.
Mr. mechanic will buy a saudi arabian motor oil this morning.
The best thing to do in my city is go shopping. There are several indoor and outdoor markets, department stores and shopping malls. There is a small china - town near the city centre and there are many restaurants with food from all over the world. The public transport system is good. The city has several theatres and venues for classical music concerts and operas. The nightlife is cultural.
bob had too much to drink at a banquet last night. He attended a banquet given by a Chinese colleague of his. Alcohol is a medium for communicating emotion.
The fiancee has an important project so she won't be able to get married in October.
Mr. Green is out on business and he's not in. Mrs. Brown will drop in on him for a chat.
Mario Puku wrote the novel "The Godfather" and the film is after it.
Sally and Mary are going to the gym tonight. Sally will meet Mary there.
you didn't show up to my performance last night. You had an accident and didn't come to the concert. The other guy is in critical condition, but you are fine.
The autumn is the best season in Beijing and in washington. In Beijing it rains a lot in summer, but it seldom rains in autumn. Many people from the south don't like the whether here.
tom set the whole country by the ears with his discovery and it was a great discovery.
My friend Jane is very beautiful.
nice day, isn't it?
look how fast that car can accelerate.
hi, how are you doing? I'm fine. I'm in school at PCC. I go to Pcc.
My brother joined the army last year. He's tall and strong.
Mary is a barking dog but she means well.
i have a lot of friends. He has about one hundred friends, maybe one hundred, twenty-five best friends and only one best friend. He will share his friends with you.
Sue is on good terms with sue's friend.
Jack takes Rose's hand and helps her to step up on the rail.
My uncle passed away last night.
man , they take a lot of our paycheck. The only tax I don't mind them taking is social security. It's only a few dollars every paycheck. It won't be much, but at least we will have a monthly check when we get old.
Nick met Nick last week at the conference. He will give him his card.
Amy will lend one of her pens to me.
S sandy is going to work at a soup kitchen tonight. She will prepare food for homeless people and give it out to them at the soup kitchen.
wang would like to introduce Mr. dou to his friend, Wang.
and we got a 50 thousand dollar ticket for construction workers peeing off the roof. The electrician is not here today because he hit a deer. Patricia got engaged.
i will come to see you tomorrow.
have you got any plans for the coming holiday ? _sent_c99_label yes, I will be doing volunteer work in a zoo for two weeks. I will prepare food, feed animals and clean up.
Taylor came for Easter. She is wearing a bonnet and is pale and skinny. She doesn't have her summer tan yet.
Is everything ready for Billy's birthday party? She has finished making the birthday cake and put all the things on the table. She has also prepared the party hats and party games. She hasn't put the candles on the cake yet.
There will be a western music concert tonight.
mum won't let her finish her homework later as she wants to watch tv now.
table - tennis is the national game of Pakistan.
Mary got married to jerrod yesterday. She is going to live in Paris.
It was great meeting you. We will meet again sometime.
what is your favourite hobby and what are your favourite books to read. Would you like to see movies. In his spare time he likes to play golf, play badminton or crack jokes.
are you sure you heard right ?   yes he is running for class president.
There is a new mexican restaurant opening up in town next month. The head chef is from San Paulo.
i invited him for dinner to thank him for helping me at work last week. They will go to a spicy hotpot place in the downtown area.
Charlotte doesn't want to eat anything as she's down in spirits. Charlotte's manager jumped on her for her mistake today.
i can't go to the pictures with you tomorrow, because she has to attend a meeting.
Steven has a present for mum for March 8th, which is women's day.
what do you think of your teacher? He is strict and strict with his students. He gives good lectures.
i 'm so glad to meet you and am fine.
Your boyfriend is leaving you. She's getting over it.
Paul and Rebecca haven't seen each other for a long time. Paul has been fine.
what courses are you going to take next year. You will take chemistry and physics, but haven't decided on the other subjects yet. You want to study english literature.
Chary is going to her parents' house for her father's 50th birthday. She will go to a movie with him tomorrow night.
Wang lin and Mary met in Beijing. It's Mary's first time in Beijing and she has just been transferred there.
Melissa is going to a conference. She will pick up Mr. Campbell and go to the conference. Melissa and Jack got married on holiday. They were going to get married in Europe next year.
what ' s that , a new video game ?   nope ! it's the latest generation of pad. It has a built - in camera unit that takes digital color stills and plays mp3 files. It comes with its own folding keyboard and handwriting recognition program.
Diana wants him to go to the office party with her tomorrow night.
He didn't show up. There might have been a subway accident and a train got trapped underground with him inside and he had no phone.
Mary went on a date with John. They have a lot in common. He is tall and slim, fair - haired, smart and has a great sense of humor. He will call her.
i feel terrible about having broken your ashtray. He would like to replace it.
Bob bought a new bike and is angry at him.
The hotel is full tonight, so we will need to find a new place to stay.
do you know much about computers ?   not a great deal, but she has just been reading an article about them. They are used for accounting system and things like that, but they are also used for other things. They were used to buy a ticket for the flight to Paris. The man asked where they want to go and wrote the information on the form. He gave them two tickets.
Fred is getting married next Monday. She is happy to be his wife.
many happy returns of the day , darling ?  thank you very much and here is your birthday present. It's a gold watch.
i didn't expect to see you at this hour. You goofed off again and will probably get a bag.
Jane has lost 4 kilos and looks great.
on balance, dress designing appeals to me most because it's to my liking and it's profitable.
Sue's boss has been giving her a lot to do at work recently.
The lease is up and the owner is selling the place to make way for the construction of a parking lot. She will start looking for a new place for him. He might move in with his parents for a couple of months. He will have to put most of his stuff in storage for a while.
which social problem do you think the government needs to concentrate on most ? _sent_c99_label housing is a big problem. There are thousands of homeless people on the streets. The government could provide some money for homeless people to build their own homes. It would be very expensive, but the government can afford it. Homeless people would find it easier to get jobs.
The sun is shining, but there are some mare's tails.
Joanna has a new dress and a necklace that matches it.
welcome back from your vacation to Paris. It was fantastic. The eiffel tower is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world. You went to the top of the Eiffel Tower. You didn't go to the louvre. You spent an afternoon in the flea market.
The ring has been handed down in my family for three generations and is precious.
Our major is from a bigger city. He is doing fine. He brings with him some talented people from his former city.
Cindy told Mary about her in gym class. Mary's house is next door to Cindy's.
The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half. The Russian team needs to tie the ukraine to get the pass for the final.
Duanwu is a festival in China to commemorate a great patriotic poet of China, Qu yuan.
Leo is dating a woman 30 years younger than him.
how many credits are you taking this semester. You have to have at least eighteen to keep the scholarships and grant. So far, you have fifteen. You are considering taking a class you don't need or a double major. Your first choice would be international business.
what part did you get in the play this time? You got a character part as an old lady.
are you free on Friday evening and would like to come for dinner, but you are busy.
which season do you like the best? I like spring the best.
Jane and ted are throwing a great party. It's Mary's first party. She met Jane last week. She and Jane teach at the same school. Mary is a car salesman.
The old man who used to beg for money on the street across from our house has got a job and now owns a small grocery in town.
sorry . i ' ve got to run.
Nathaniel brown wants to talk to ms. collins about his accommodation situation. Leah will have ms. Collins call him back tonight before 6 pm.
Dan wants to come over to his house right now. He's paranoid and wants to check the locks and iron bars on his windows.
you didn't ring me last night. You were rude to me at lunch. You didn't call me.
John has been out of town and hasn't seen John for ages.
hey let's go to the night market after work tonight.
reciting texts really bores me to death.
good lord ! look at that man swimming in the cold sea.
how about a movie tonight at 7 o'clock or a snack after work.
have you bought another handset. The original handset is silver gray. The case for the silver gray handset was black.
Willie will go to dinner with him tonight.
I want to change my job because I want to earn more.
It's very cold tonight. He will get her another blanket.
do bullfights interest you much? I have two tickets to the latest show but I need a favor from you.
There is an opera called "The sound of music" on today. It is about a happy family without sex, violence or bad language. Andrew's performance in the movie "Edelweiss" is remembered for a lifetime.
Will not go to the theatre with him tonight. He will go tomorrow.
You look like a basket case. Your brother in - law has just dropped in from the states. You decided to put him up while he's here.
Mrs. Hill filed for divorce on the grounds of her husband's misconduct with his secretary. Mrs. Henderson has plenty of time.
He broke up with a girl because she didn't understand that he loved her. He will talk to her again.
i like your sweater very much.
The school has three lunch periods and the kids are divided into three groups to go to lunch. When they are dismissed in the afternoon, they will be divided into two waves because the school parking lot is not big enough for all the school buses to come in at one time.
C ' mon bought a brick on the sidewalk from a guy who was selling new Panasonic video camera boxes for twenty dollars. They were stolen.
i was late for her class. She will go to her own class after the flag raising ceremony is over.
are you looking forward to seeing that big concert next week?
Joanne and Joanne are bored and don't know what to do today. They don't have any hobbies. Joanne likes to doodle on the notepad and play the piano.
have you had any kind of punishment in your college? Yes, but it was many years ago.
how do you like my new sports car?
If he had a lot of money, he would buy a big house with a garden for his wife and kids. He would also buy a mink coat. He wouldn't work any more. They haven't won the pools yet.
do you like animals? I like dogs and cats, but I don't like cats. I like wild animals such as bears, snakes and pandas.
i hear your sister has had an accident. It happened a week ago.
good evening , i 'm so happy you could come and thank you for inviting me. what would you like to drink.
My son is complaining that I dump on him. He was rude to me.
do you think children watch too much tv? I only allow my child to watch up to an hour of tv a day. They don't do much else in their free time. They always do their homework first. They could go out and play with their friends. My husband watches too much TV too.
There is a new girl in the sales department taking the place of maggie during her alternative leave. She started yesterday.
Aubreyinchina is trying to hook up to the internet. She will add you to her contacts list. She doesn't like chatting online, but she would like to.
i ran into a glass door yesterday.
You have been in guangzhou for four months now. You know chinese better now. When you first arrived in Guangzhou, your girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone.
that guy ' s manner really turns me off.
There is a new history teacher at school.
Harry was supposed to be back from a business trip to Lisbon by now, but he's not.
you spoken english is pretty good, but you don't know what to say about your method of learning it.
How is your new car? It's perfect.
now that you ' recommending such enormous fees, producers, directors and movie - makers must see you in a completely different light. It seems to me that now you are famous, you have to be seen in the right places and go to the right parties, but you don't go to parties. The parties you go to are barbecues in your house.
Children start school at six. Before that, they spend several years in the kindergarten or pre - school education center. In the cities, they start at six, but in the countryside they spend a few more years.
The baby is crying again. Let's go and see him.
oh that ’ s a lovely necklace. My husband gave it to her. She got married five years ago.
There are only about 10 or 12 places in the city that offer a wireless internet connection. It's useful for people who are keen on photography to download photos from their digital camera and send them to emails.
It's nice and warm again.
what ' s happening in your life ?   can you believe i'm going to America.
My wife is boring. He has an idea.
Kathleen doesn't love Kathleen, but she loves him.
My elder aunt feels like vomiting because she is pregnant. She should drink plenty of hot water and lie in bed.
Song Mei found Chen ming's umbrella. Song Mei and Chen ming live two blocks away from each other in the same building. They moved there two weeks ago.
it 's very thoughtful of you to invite me to your wedding.
A new candy shop just opened around the corner last week. It is always crowded with people. There are a variety of candies in the shop. They have lollypops, chocolate drops, fruit candy, mints, pearbrittles and toffee. They want to buy a big bag.
Who will win the championship? There is a game tonight.
good morning miss wang, good morning mr. li and good morning Mr. li.
You are very late.
look at these newlyweds. They seem to be on top of the world.
John failed his exam. He will come over to his friend's house and have fun.
you are too picky. mel gibson is with Mel gibson. She is his girlfriend.
do you have a family tradition at Christmas time? All the brothers and sisters get together and fill the christmas stockings for the little kids.
Karen is worried about the meeting this morning. She thinks she was too rude, because she talked to Mr. Drummond too directly. He is the president of the company and she is a woman.
Diana is going to the library to study with Jerry.
Sarah went snowboarding yesterday and she's limping. It was her first time and she doesn't want to go again.
Stacy worked over the summer at a restaurant to make tuition money. Nicole dropped out of school completely. Nicole worked at a startup company as an intern and since the business did well, they asked her if she wanted to work full time. Stacy would have accepted the offer.
what is up ? _sent_c99_label to put away the dishes.
are you a smoker and your husband is a smoker. She had her first cigarette when she was 17.
hey , look at my new shirt. I bought it on a street market.
Sally drew a blank on the algebra test. Jenny looks terrible. Jenny is thinking of dropping out.
Lisa has made a few friends already and will go to Pam Franklin's house on Saturday.
It's nice and bright today. The autumn is marvelous here, but winter is hard. There is a lot of rain during the summer, so you should bring an umbrella.
thank you for coming to see me off, but I have to go soon.
May he invite her to dance with him? He can't dance, but he can teach her.
hmm, what should I wear today. She will go to her favorite clothing shop. She needs to change the shoes she bought from nasi.
It's time for dinner so let's get something to eat.
what do you think of the way people use and treat animals. Most people treat their pets well, but they are often cruel to animals. People should stop eating animals, but some people would still hunt them. zoos are a good idea, because they allow people to get close to wild animals. I love going to the zoo, but I don't like experiments with animals.
i ' ll be seeing you around.
 bean sent some dirty jokes to me.
Mr. Zhang doesn't like drinking black tea. He drinks green tea only rarely.
He has taken the first place in the history test.
jennifer will have dinner with Jennifer tomorrow at 6 pm at the Korean restaurant next to the Italian restaurant on 5th street.
My son is 14 and in the past few months he's become quieter and a bit secretive. He locks himself in his room and he's running around with the wrong crowd. Last weekend, he came home late because his friend's car broke down and they had to walk home.
Tom will have dinner with Tom this evening at seven o'clock. Tom will come early to help him prepare the dinner.
Mei and I will meet in front of the train station at 6 pm this evening to go for a meal.
i would like to meet Ella again. He will call her sometime next week.
Lisa and Benjamin haven't seen each other for 3 years.
when she told me that she would marry no man but dick, I almost fainted. He plays the field with many girls.
excuse me, I want to take a picture of you and your little boy. It's for a book.
hey , that's a really nice outfit you have on. It was on sale at the department store a couple of days ago. You should go there and buy some new ties for your collection. You are going to the party tonight.
John has been busy studying for his school exams, which will begin next month. He is going to do some shopping.
Mom's cake looks delicious and makes her mouth watering.
what a pin - up she is ! _sent a picture of her.
Today is Tuesday, 25th of September 2001. Mr. Brown has an appointment tonight at 8 pm.
Michelle will use the photocopier. Jeremy is busy with work. The Lawson contract will be confirmed on Wednesday.
what 's your favorite kind of music? I like country music the most. I also like jazz and classical music.
what can I do for you? I am returning the books. I accidentally ripped the cover and will need to pay $ 5 for the damage.
Randy wants to go hunting with Randy this weekend.
Steven lost a lot of money on his business on the internet this year. He is going to find a good company and invest in it.
where do you have to go to New York tomorrow morning and how long will you be there for three days.
i have a new boss. He's got dark hair and brown eyes. He has a white sports car.
Now that he doesn't smoke or drink, he won't buy anything. He will buy a small vase for his mother and cognac for his brother.
what ' s new ? |
Monica got promoted, but it's not going to happen soon.
i can't work out the problem.
you are a big fan of andy lau. You have all his albums and most of his films on dvd. You also have several new posters of him on your bedroom walls. You used to be a member of his fan club, but you can find out everything for free on the internet. You saw the interview with andy Lau in cosmopolitan magazine last month.
what would you like to have in your breakfast, bread, egg or sandwiches ?   bread, milk, orange juice and orange juice. For lunch, pork, mutton or beef. For drinks, red wine, beer or champagne. Among apples, oranges, bananas, banana is your favorite.
The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn't like the Max Oreo exhibition. He thinks the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned. He doesn't seem to like anything. He likes landscapes and still life. He prefers abstract paintings. He has a small collection of landscapes and oils. When he was in China, he bought some calligraphy by famous artists.
Jenny is having fun at the party and would like another glass of champagne.
what do you think of the play showed last night. My little boy didn't like it because of the violence.
Tom will teach me how to play golf. He will rent a set of seven - piece set for $ 120.
you are married to a foreigner. In the first year of their marriage they had a lot of conflicts. Now they have a two-year - old boy. He's half Chinese and half American. He speaks mostly English and a few Chinese.
what do you mean his grandmothers are already dead? His grandmother is sick.
Lili enjoyed the dinner she had with Mr. smith yesterday. She would like to have him for dinner again. He will be returning to China today. He has spent a lot of time on her account.
do you buy the Sunday edition of the newspaper every day? Yes, I do. The newspaper has several sections, including the news section, the entertainment section, sports, business, and world affairs. The business section is very useful.
you must like negotiating a lot because people are saying that you are a super negotiator. You don't have to like it to be a good negotiator. How can you apply to practice? I want to apply for more reimbursement for my mobile bill.
Shirley and her family have enjoyed the party. Shirley's husband, Benjamin, got on the stage himself. There are exercise facilities in the community. There is a playground behind Shirley's building.
you look pale, you must have poor health and should see the doctor.
how is tom now ?
Pavarotti, domingo and carreras are his favourite opera stars. He went to the New Year's concert in 2005. Lorin Maazel was the conductor at that concert.
i need to find a parking spot on or off campus. I will park in the student parking structure on the west side of the campus. The last time I checked it was empty.
China is about the same size as Canada and the United States and has a population of about 1.3 billion people. Most of the people are Han Chinese, but there are 55 minorities that make up almost 10% of the population. The country is divided into five sections. There are lhasa, urumqi, harbin, shanghai, and hongkong. The capital city is Beijing.
There was a railway accident and many people were killed.
Tony is not to blame for the accident, because the man in the other car made a mistake and tried to overtake him.
George won the english speech contest.
He is honest, hardworking and responsible as an employee.
Paul wants to go and see grandpa this afternoon, but grandpa will be working.
i have made up my mind to get a tattoo.
There is going to be a downsizing in the company soon. George, andy and Lisa will get sacked. Michael will get fired.
do you often surf the internet? Yes, I do it once a week.
i want to say to Nancy that he loves her but she's not ready for it.
Tom will not be elected president. Harry will get it.
your knowledge of english is really surprising.
There is a new mexican restaurant on the other side of the street. Someone gave me a pamphlet introducing the restaurant.
It's raining again.
hi . what ' s up ?   nothing much. I've been busy.
The school is discussing whether they should replace miss smith as the music teacher.
how many people are in your family are there in your immediate family? My immediate family is just me, my mom, my step - dad, his step - brother and his mother. There are also three older sisters, a twin sister, a younger brother and parents. My twin sister and her best friend used to be best friends, but she moved to Shanghai. Her biological father died when she was a baby.
It's quiet around here and nobody is around.
Mike is going to have a self-driving car and is traveling across the country.
where are you going to Bill's house and what is she going to do there.
Titanic is playing at the movie theater tonight. They will meet at the entrance.
Many people play sports in China. Table tennis is the most popular. Basketball and swimming are also popular.
i couldn't look at you and say that you aren't beautiful. Everybody notices how beautiful you are.
both our countries are quite small. The landscape in my country is very flat. In the southeast, the hills rise to a height of a few hundred meters. There are some mountains over 1000 meters high. The coast of my country consists of sandy beaches and rocks. There is a few small islands off the coast.
Mario and Parker are the best students in the class. The teacher speaks to them only in English.
There is a class outing today.
excuse me, professor, my homework didn't get done. I had to watch a football game instead. I will make it up next week.
Will give him $ 55 for his hair as he thinks it looks great.
why do you look so gloomy ? what are you looking for ? _sent_c99_label his dissertation. He put it somewhere last night and he can't find it now. He has been working on it for a whole month.
how come you are still up when it's late and you should be asleep. You have been having a hard time sleeping lately. insomnia is usually caused by stress. You need to relax and take breaks throughout the day. yoga can help with that.
Before eating, he will present everyone with a taiwanese puppet doll from Taiwan.
The balcony seats for tonight's performance are still available.
it seems to me that you fall for good - looking guys. Why don't you date up a handsome guy and spend time together.
Tom will have some coffee and some sugar.
espresso is made with a machine that forces steam and boiling water through finely ground coffee. cappuccino is one - third espresso and two - thirds a mixture of steamed milk and froth.
what do you think of the speech the man delivered just now.
Another weekend is coming and we're going to have summer vacation.
Tom enjoyed the dinner he ate with Tom yesterday. Tom invited him for tonight.
thank you for your letter. He is feeling better these days. He will be back again next Wednesday.
When he was a little boy, he had a dream of becoming a lawyer. His dream comes true now.
Charles is my uncle. He is a captain.
How is your brother doing? He hasn't been feeling too well.
are you a soccer fan. You watched every game of the 2002 world cup.
what are you doing awake at midnight when it's almost midnight and you should go back to bed. Santa will come down the chimney and leave coal in the stockings for naughty children.
Eve and Celia are going to study together in the library tomorrow.
are you ready to go to the concert? They will go by bike to avoid the traffic. They will buy a new 10 speed cycling mountain bike.
oh, it’s late and I have to leave, but I will see him next time at his place for Chinese food.
Yi and Jun won't go to the visiting hours tonight as Jun needs some time to come to grips with Taylor's death. Jun needs to prepare a eulogy in case he is asked to speak tomorrow.
Everything has been going as planned and everything has gone as smooth as clockwork.
write down your name here in ink.
This party rocks. There are many hot girls at the party. The blond with the red dress is new in town and Janice is nice, but he doesn't want to talk to her as he is nervous about talking to girls.
do you watch a lot of tv? Not really.
It's impossible to improve listening level within a week. I think my vocabulary and reading comprehension are not bad.
hello ! so you are leaving today. It is my pleasure to see you off.
Brian has been coming to work in jeans and sweatshirts ever since he came back from the conference in silicon valley. The working atmosphere in California is more relaxed and casual. Brian found something on his desk this morning.
i go to the fitness center every weekend to lose weight.
uh - oh, I'm in trouble, because I forgot to prepare a speech for class today.
I won a prize for best local history book at the annual book awards. I won $ 200 to spend on any books of my choice.
 philosophy is the most tedious course I have ever had.
what date is it today? It's Valentine's Day. Jack asked me out to dinner tonight.
i heard that your previous manager was capable and a good manger.
and lots of " dear abby" sob stories.
How many cleaning ladies does your company hire and how many illiterate cleaning ladies do they have?
Every employee here respects their manager.
what is your favorite book and why do you like it best? It's gone with the wind. He likes the characters, the plot and the writer's language. He would like to go to the bookshop with me.
It's a beautiful day here in new zealand at the men's volleyball world championship. Two powerhouse teams, Brazil and China, are playing a match to try to qualify for the next round.
Grace is going to attend an interview for an English teacher position. She is wearing a skirt and a dress that doesn't match the job.
John has to put up with his son who doesn't work.
london is such a historical city. Many historical figures are buried there and there are monuments to them. Boadicea fought the Romans when they invaded britain. queen elizabeth built a navy strong enough to fight off the Spanish armada in 1588. Margaret Thatcher transformed British society in the 1980s. Madame Tussaud's Waxworks Museum is a place where you can see historical figures.
so , how should they go to the theatre in London? They should take the bus. They are already late. They could take the subway, but they would have to go three stops along one line and change trains twice. The next bus will arrive in a few minutes.
Mary's uncle George is coming to visit. He will stay from the twenty - fourth to the twenty- sixth. He is coming with aunt Cynthia and the girls. They will stay in Mary's room. She will have a party.
what ' s your little caper ? come home so late. You were watching a singer singing at the subway exit. He played the guitar and sang a lot of cool pop songs. He sang for appreciation, but not for money. There is an oil painting exhibition in the subway station in Russia.
It's wonderful to be in the mountains after a hustle bustle week. An eagle is hovering in the sky, but it's not an eagle. They will walk by the stream and find the waterfall.
 can we talk now. He is in love with her and wants to know where their relationship is going.
Dinner will be ready at 7:30 pm. He will come over at 7 p.m. and he will make vegetarian dishes for dinner.
 keith is 21. His father retired last week. He wants to travel to several different countries around the world in retirement.
is this seat taken, so I will sit down. He is going to Beijing for a business trip. He went there once last summer. He enjoyed the city but didn't like the subway. He will take the bus or rent a car.
i love ice cream. My favourite flavors are strawberry and coffee ice cream, and so do others.
Would you like to go skiing with me to the new ski area?
do you like watching the winter olympic games and figure skating. What is your favourite winter sport and what do you like about the olympics for the disabled?
it is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas. government is trying to change the situation.
does she make any sense to you? It's all Greek to him. She's speaking french.
how are you going all these days ?   fine , thanks but you look depressed. You have a problem with your work.
The film club of the school will show a film for free tomorrow. There will be a party held by the students' union tomorrow evening. She will go to the party with her friends. She won't go with him to the english corner tomorrow evening, because she has to improve her english.
After so many years of hard work, he wants to set up his own law office. If he needs help, he can ask me.
wow , is that your sports car ?   yes. It's a green jaguar. It needs a new engine and brakes. It was serviced a few years ago. Once my son was born, there was no reason to drive the car, as it's only a two - seater.
Can't play baseball with him today, because he has to help his mother pack for the move tomorrow.
i think I need a new notebook. There is a notebook on the market.
Dalian is a beautiful city. The climate here is pleasant.
Michelle will join the conference today at four pm.
have you read all these crazy things that are going on around the world ? Some people get tricked or drugged in their hotel rooms and have their organs removed and sold on the black market. Some popular songs have subliminal or even satanic messages if played backwards.
Bob is in advertising. Mary is his friend.
wow ! i can’t believe i ’m standing in front of an exquisite work of art. It’s worth about 80 million dollars.
lady is unhappy and she looks unhappy.
when were you on the 20th of May 1963? It was the 27th day of the fourth month. The film will begin at 5:30 pm.
Ricky Martin won best latin pop performance at the 2005 grammy awards last night.
Ben cancelled his trip because general, his dog, got sick.
Jane has lost 4 kilos and looks great.
Many people attended his viewing. His whole family was there. No one called.
Steven is looking at a picture of a red double decker bus. It's from London. The bus is from chelsea, sloan square, victoria, herring cross and it's in the area of London. Steven hasn't taken a bus for a long time as he hasn't worked in England for a while.
is the view going to be ok ? _sent_trans_cons_label will do his best to fix it.
Lunch is on me, because I got a promotion.
you can keep these books for only half a month.
bob is under a lot of pressure and didn't sleep last night. His boss assigned him two projects and he still hasn't finished one of them.
which team won and the score.
You did poorly on the test. It's not the only chance in life to do well on a test.
Nancy is going to get married. Who is the bridegroom?
Bill Clinton is a good president, but he has a sex scandal.
what good sunshine ! let's go and get a suntan on the balcony.
would you like to stretch your legs and get a soft drink before the symphony concert starts.
wake up sleepyhead and go to the beach. She will wear her new pink bikini. He will borrow one of her bikinis.
It's 75 degrees today. It's a beautiful day. I'm going on the canoe trip this weekend, but the weather forecast says a hurricane is coming this weekend and the temperature will drop to 66 degrees.
are you ready to go to the concert? They will go by bike. They will buy a helmet and a new 10 speed cycling mountain bike for the concert.
Airlines policy allows only two pieces of checked luggage of twenty kilograms each, plus one piece of carry - on luggage. He will have to check an additional suitcase as he is taking an intercontinental flight. He is going to pay six hundred and twenty - five dollars for this.
do you feel like going to see a movie tonight at 7:30.
My uncle is an accountant and she has been helping him for a week. She hasn't seen him for several days.
so what kind of music turns you on to? rock 'n' roll.
Dick will not rent the house. He will find a house closer to his work.
New York is a nice place. She got back yesterday. She will show him some photographs.
There is a transfer to a new school tomorrow, and he is nervous about it.
Wendy saw Victor on Wednesday. They went for a walk in the woods near the highway. It was cold and windy. They wore heavy wool sweaters and walked quickly to keep warm. They counted over twenty squirrels. They took lunch with them.
wow ! that is a pretty dress, but it's too expensive.
The business of _sent_c99 is going well.
hey , what ' s the matter ? _sent a message with a dizzy feeling. It doesn't matter.
i ' ve been told that you are a successful businessman abroad. He worked as a servant to make a start.
what ' s the news on our website is effective in marketing and how effective is the circular insert on the website.
Julia Roberts' acting is ok, but so is her personality.
i want to buy a drink. He needs help with the change machine.
Honey has sprained her ankle. She will get some ice and put it on it.
Chris is from a big family with seven children and his parents are college professors. He has four children in his family and his grandparents can't get their names right. There is no privacy in the family as everything is used by his brothers and sisters. The last child was born just as the oldest was going to college, so he will get a reduced tuition.
There was a nice funeral. The son gave a long speech about his father. He will give a speech at his funeral. Only the family will come.
Randy and Randy are going to see a new film together at 2.
Taiwan's economy is not doing well. People are not spending as much.
does your child still believe in Santa Claus? If she doesn't believe it, Christmas won't be so exciting to her.
i am nervous about going to the church with Ryan. He doesn't know the words to the songbook, but he doesn't have to read it. He will listen to the service and sing along. He won't go up to the altar for the eucharist.
Jack's favorite class this semester was his poli - sci class.
English is the main global language. Esperanto would be an artificial language. english is already studied as a second language in most countries. English is used in modern technology far more than any other language. Many languages will continue to be used for generation even if english is the dominant language.
are you have a hand in locking into the case? Yes.
ahh . . . what a fine day ! i do feel like an outdoor exercise. I will go for a walk in the park.
Another glass of beer will be enough for your trip.
have you seen that house? I love it very much. The house is at least more than 100 years old. The door is locked and the old woman in the reception office can't answer.
Phyllis seymour has been waiting to call Allan Parker to thank him for all his help last week.
It's raining outside. It's very hot in Catherine's hometown. She likes it in spring and fall, but she doesn't like it in winter. She lived in Boston for three years.
wei is tired because he didn't finish work until 9:00 pm.
i want to see you off at the airport tomorrow at 12:30 p.m. because you are going to America. You are leaving at 1:30 pm. You have to check in at 12.30 pm for flight 282.
he was hauled up last week for the second time. He had been put in prison before. He is a man with a history.
Robin invited Jessica from Kathmandu to sit here.
downloading music is better than buying cds at the store.
_sent_c99_label to find an apartment for himself in no. 4 dorm.
Modern painting is pointless and pointless, according to him.
i found a better house near his office. He is worried about how to move all of his household stuff. He will call a mover.
i saw your car outside and stooped by.
i just meant that she ' s got different taste. Her fiance is Taiwanese.
How have you been and how is everyone in your family?
That girl looks attractive, but her boyfriend is huge. He must go to the gym to have a well - built body like that. He has long hair.
Linda has had a bad cold for three days and can't get rid of it.
do you have a copy of our service contract with telecoms? i would like to check the terms and conditions.
Mary is a better typist than Jones.
It's your birthday today. happy birthday.
excuse me, but there is nobody sitting here. There is a no - smoking sign on the window.
i don't know whether to believe him but it's important to me.
i feel pity for the old man and send him a message.
excuse me, sir, I need to talk to you about the rail service. You commute to work by train five days a week. The service is fast and frequent. In the evening you take the five thirty home train.
so , how ' d everyone do ?   well , there ' s this clock i was looking for at a flea market. It's my vintage clock. I just paid sixty - five dollars for it.
you are studying here for three years. You are disappointed with the campus.
would you mind if i smoked.
how do you feel about the tv series ? _sent a message about the series.
Jack will swap some of his peanuts for some potato chips.
Harry is not a hen - pecked husband, he's a hen.
have you ever found yourself in a situation when you have to lie to people who trust you, even if it is for their good.
Julie will drop by in Julie's neighborhood.
May hasn't got in to the university yet, but she's thinking about it. She likes Chinese literature and economics. She once attended Lisa's class.
Kobe Bryant is a key player of the Lakers. He is competent in driving the lane and shooting jumpers. He can switch up and dribble with his left hand. Kobe came to Beijing for the summer Olympics. Lee got an autograph from him.
May I help you find a book? I will call you when I find it.
what happened to him?
Little Bob has recovered after the operation.
are you in favor of having a trip during the spring break to the yellow mountains?
The movie that she went to see yesterday was the worst one she has ever seen.
thanks for offering to give me a lift to the dinner party. Last week she went to a cookout for new professors at dean barksdale’s home. She was the first one there.
Professor robert doesn't like me, so I'm worried I won't pass the quiz.
Jack borrowed a large sum of money from me and didn't pay it back.
Mike has changed a lot after marriage.
Aanna is going to work late tonight, so she can't go out. She will see a musical tomorrow.
Owen overslept because his alarm clock didn't go off this morning.
do you often go to watch sports games and can you recall the games?
how do you like your work? I work in a publishing house. The work is hard but interesting.
May I help you find the book I want. It wasn't in the database. I will reserve a copy for me.
can you help me figure out how to use this vending machine. I want to buy that candy.
Abigail got married in a registry office with just two friends as witnesses. She had three parties to celebrate. They were held in each of her two countries. Her parents weren't able to come to see her get married. They flew out to meet her family. They went on a honeymoon to Africa after their one - year anniversary.
The number one new year's resolution for people is to spend more time with friends and family. They always make a new year’s resolution in January, but by February they forget about it.
How did your vacation go? The trip to the three gorges by boat was terrific.
what do you think of his behaviour yesterday.
They promised us a sea view, but there is just the sea between the factory chimneys between the chimneys.
Mike's husband got a cold yesterday, but he feels much better now.
hello, I haven't been feeling well over the last few days. I went to the doctor. I have a cough and a cold. I feel exhausted.
if you go out recently you will find some people riding scooters in high streets and back lanes. The hand - supported scooter was invented by a German engineer several years ago.
The important day of the weekend is Saturday.
The important day of the weekend is Saturday.
Let's call it a day as it's the evening rush.
How was your trip to America? We had a fantastic time.
how do you like these dishes ?   fine, they are colorful and tasty. Would you like some more rice or another piece of meat pie, but no.
what was the movie you saw last night? It was a foreign film called ' gone with the wind'. You have seen it before.
Tom is too old to go trick - or - treating on Halloween. He used to do it when he was ten.
Yolanda has been studying every night this week for the exam.
hello . i ' m jason. My name is dolma.
when and where were you born ?   i was born in Beijing in 1965.
The hiking was wonderful. It was freezing yesterday. They arrived at the park at 9 o’clock in the morning and didn’t leave till 3 p.m. They had been walking for 6 hours.
do you believe in horoscope fortune - telling? I used to be an atheist, but in recent months, I find horoscope predictions increasingly accurate. The website sends me an up - dated message by e - mail each day forecasting my experience in detail. The message for the day before yesterday notified me that I was to have some unusual experience in food and drink. Last night, I was treated to a dinner party by Lee.
don't have a relation with him, but sometimes he is not a kind man.
It's nice and bright today. The autumn is marvelous here, but winter is hard. There is a lot of rain during the summer, so you should bring an umbrella.
you don’t look like enjoying this workout.
Jenny has an english class at 9 in the morning. She will go to the library to return some books and study at the library. Jenny and _sent_c99 will go swimming in the gymnasium after the class. Jenny hasn't swum for almost two years.
Linda doesn't want to eat any cookies or candies.
There is a typhoon coming, according to the forecast.
Sheryl is his roommate, not his date. He used to date sheryl.
which team do you think will emerge with the last laugh in this world cup ? _sent_c99_label wants it to be germany. They had a hard time in the group stage and only sealed a sit in the eighth - finals with wallack's header in the final three minutes. Now that the tournament has proceeded into the knock - out stage, they will probably make it through to the finals.
The woman was beaten again. She didn't call the police because it was her husband who beat her.
 bill is coughing a lot in the evening. He needs something to keep him awake. He will go to bed early and get up early to work.
David Peckham often scores by free kicks in crucial games. He appeals to the fans thanks to his facial charm.
what are you reading? You have been reading a book since last night. It's called ' the power of one'. You and me haven't read a book like that for a long time. You are in the last chapter of the book.
did you have a part - time job when you were still in school? Yes, I worked 20 hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
steven smith is Steven smith.
don ’ t be worried, but take it easy.
that looks like an interesting book. It has pictures of interesting building from all over the world, with brief descriptions of how they were build, their purpose, and so on. There are the pyramids, pentagon, cylindrical office building, sports stadium and tv towers.
Bobby forgot his cigarette today. Bobby has been smoking for 7 years. He tried to quit last month, but he is addicted. He will talk to Bobby later.
Old mc donald got married to his 84-year-old wife. He is her sixth husband.
Barcelona and Madrid played a football game last night. It ended in a tie. It was the last game of the season before the playoffs. The playoffs start in a few weeks. They are going to watch the next game together.
The acting and the music in this film won the academy award this year.
Last weekend I didn't want to go out so I stayed at home and played video games by myself.
Pam has invited a lot of people to her party. She will take her shoes off.
Will you go with them this Sunday to play volleyball?
i think it's about time that we had to go. She would like to have more drinks, but she has to get up early tomorrow and get to the office.
It's cold in Taiwan, but it's not always this cold in Taiwan. This is the first winter for the girl from south California, so she should get some warm clothes.
It's my birthday on August 1st. My parents prepare dinner for me. I have a birthday party. People sing " happy birthday" at the party and have birthday cakes. In 1892, Patty smith hill and mildred hill wrote a song called " good morning to you". Someone added the words "Happy birthday".
what do you think of your teacher? He is strict and strict with his students. He gives good lectures.
i have a new boss. He's got dark hair and brown eyes. He has a white sports car.
Dr. Smith is grateful for what he has done to his son.
I will pick her up at 7.30 tonight and they will have dinner together.
excuse me, I need the music book. It's on the self, but it's too high.
thank you so much for the rosary, but she won't take it.
i will start drinking and having home cooked meals.
James and his girlfriend are getting married in the spring in St. Albans. They are going to buy a flat or a small house somewhere in south London.
daddy, I want to buy a ten-speed sportsman for three hundred dollars.
i feel pity for the old man and send him a message.
Ellen has taken a nice photo and sent it to Ellen.
i don't dare to look after the children now because the children always make themselves in danger.
The fried chicken is too hard to eat, so the manager will bring another one free of charge for her.
why did tom quit the job?
It's father's birthday tomorrow. He will be given a gift.
jane is going to quit her job in the bank.
How long have you been in China and how do you think of living there?
Two pandas arrived at the zoo last week. They will go there to see them. The zoo is the biggest zoo in Taiwan.
Nancy doesn't want to go to the park with the children.
Mr. becker showed me his Washington bureaucrats' offices. They are modern and comfortable, the work is interesting, and the salaries are comparable to those in private industries.
i just got fired.
Kathy and Kathy will go to the new Chinese restaurant close by for lunch.
would you like to see our new shirts? He's not interested in fashion.
hi . what ' s up ?   nothing much. I've been busy.
Jack is out of the game. He sprained his ankle and broke his leg during the match. They will choose from the backups. During the back court they will play shooting guard and inside. The cheer section is coming.
Francis is coming to a birthday party. He got a remote car model for his birthday from Francis.
Mark has just got back from London. His flight was ok, but there was a lot of turbulence. He had a layover in Paris, France. He bought two boxed of chocolate in the duty - free stores.
Susan resigned last week to work for the sunburst. She was the fourth employee to leave the company for Sunburst in a week.
do you have a bf before? She had a boyfriend before, but they parted from each other last month. Now she has an e - gf, so she is looking for a new one.
hello , kevin .
The weather forecast for today is cloudy in the morning and overcast in the afternoon.
which do you like better, orange or lemon? I like orange.
You hurt ben's feelings.
have you ever seen Bill Gate's house on the internet? It's got its own library, theatre, swimming pool, guest house, and a guest house. Would you want to live there, but you would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house, plus a few people to take care of the gardens. His dream home would be a small cottage in a quite village in England.
When I quarrel with my husband, he doesn't even try to cool me down.
Emily finished school last Friday. She enjoyed school, but she didn't like having to go to school every day. She will go to university in September.
That was a great dinner. Janna made strawberry shortcake. She will have a small slice of it for dessert. Her sister has been in a car accident. She is on the m40 near reading.
Beth lost her wallet and her id card. She's upset.
Diana doesn't wear perfume. She didn't know that.
are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today. There is a massive forest fire in Australia. The drought in Africa is causing starvation. Six countries have been seriously affected and refugee camps have been set up across the region. There has been another earthquake in Iran.
where are you going for your trip? Hebes is a good place, but the north of China is experiencing severe sandstorms. People with respiratory tract infections tended to rise after sandstorms, because the sand gets into people's noses and throats.
The divorce rate has been on the rise in recent years. I saw "Chinese - style divorce" two years ago and it's worth seeing.
Frank is a sly dog and has done many people in.
The government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking but a law banning cigarettes would do no good.
Beth listens to a lot of hip hop, but she also listens to pop music.
tomorrow it's Carl's birthday.
John is making a federal case out of his coworker's love affair with a man he met in the museum.
don ’ t you think it would be an idea to name the ship dolphin?
Lisa wants to finish her degree in four years, but she has to stay in college for one more year. There are some classes she needs to take to graduate.
Lucas was on a trip to Paris. He went to the top of the eiffel tower. He saw art galleries, cathedrals, statues, fountains, palaces, bistros and french cuisine. On the third day of traveling in the city, he got sick, but it passed by the evening.
Miss ordered a dish about a half an hour ago, but it hasn't arrived yet. The chef checked with the kitchen and it will be coming next.
how do you like this waltz? I like it very much. I took up dancing recently. I'm not much of a dancer, but I got a partner. I like the fox - trot and tango. Disco is my favorite.
The mountaineering club is going to climb a cliff on the yangtze river this weekend. Last week, they rappelled down the side of a 300 - foot cliff.
There are 15 people in my family. They are my father's parents, mum, dad, three unmarried aunts, two uncles, my two brothers, my three sisters and me. They live in a huge house in rural Korea near pusan. The first floor of the house is a part - time private school. In the afternoon, students come for special tutoring in biology and English. All the students at the school have excellent English.
The company's sales have dropped fifty percent in the past month. Half of their production is faulty and they will have to recall all items sold in the last quarter. They are overstocked and overstaffed. The market is in recession. The factory has gone under and the owner has fled the country. They will be filing for chapter eleven in less than three months.
Vicky has been a secretary for two years. Before that, she was at university. She likes working for ibm.
i 'm exhausted after the new exercise class. She will go to the next class tomorrow morning.
Johnny did badly on the test. He hasn't been studying.
professor shows me where Canada is and where Mexico is.
what kind of books do you like to read and which one is the best? I like reading novels about early America. I prefer the novels by Hemingway.
doesn ' t she have any friends? If she has any friends, they must be fair - weather friends.
Aanna has four kids and another on the way. She is pregnant.
Nancy will help Jenny with packing as Jenny is leaving for a holiday tomorrow.
why do you look so gloomy ? what are you looking for ? _sent_c99_label his dissertation. He put it somewhere last night and can't find it now. He has been working on it for a whole month.
He locked himself in the room. He has the key in his hand.
The ambassador is already here and the meeting is set to start at 9 am. Bill is late, because he overslept. He takes the train to get to the train station from his house.
Peter took the books out of the bookcase and put them in the box. Peter sent him the magazines. Peter will pack them. Peter wants to borrow a magazine.
this is great , isn't it ?  It's the most fun i've had in years.
what do you think of his behaviour yesterday.
have we sold out all the newspapers for today. Many customers didn't want the free gifts, so they will give them to an old man.
i 'm afraid of the darkness.
S sandy is number seven and number five. She is scared of jumping off a bed, but she wanted to come here.
Modern painting is pointless and pointless.
D dick is going to play sports in the playground, but all his classmates have already got there.
yesterday I had a deal with a vice manager.
wow , the view from the peak is so grand !   look , most of the maple leaves have turned red. My father used to take me to kiang shan or somewhere like that as a child, but he didn't have time. This summer, he will take her to huang - shan mountains. He went there five years ago.
tom has grown six inches within a year. He has reached puberty.
for their lunch meeting with the investors, I will order a table for half - past twelve. They will meet at the restaurant at twelve. The investors will be treated to a full - course meal.
It was her that made us embarrassed.
Jane will be in the city centre this afternoon. She will take the underground to high street kensington and take the exit to Horntown Street. From there, she will turn left into philimore was and then take the next right to get to the library.
guess what came in the mail today. It was an acceptance letter to Yale. He has to get a visa, buy a plane ticket and pack his things before he leaves. The freshman orientation is the last week of August, but he has to go two weeks before that to get settled in. He will take all the fundamental courses. He hopes to major in english literature.
John got new skates for ice hockey in a community league. He plays goalie on the rockets team.
The course in business management lasts for 9 months and costs 125 dollars a month. The next beginning class starts on October 25th. The class takes place from 7 to 9 pm.
would you like to drink some coffee, but I don't want to. I have some trouble with my heart and my doctor advises me to drink less. I will try watermelon juice instead.
excuse me . is there any body here ? _sent_c99_label is a back - packer from America. He wants to come in. His father and sister are out to photographing.
ok, dead man, if this doesn't start your engine, nothing will.
 tom has just moved in next door to alice. tom is an accountant at a company. Alice teaches mathematics at a college.
Mei is fine and Tom is fine.
Movies are the best way to relax. When I am sad or depressed, I like comedies. If I'm feeling good, I'll watch almost anything. I generally like movies made in the forties.
The washing machine doesn't work anymore.
hey , your Chinese is coming along better than mine.
i can't wait to retire and move to Florida to play golf all day every day.
what colour is her hair and does she wear glasses? She is blonde and has short hair.
Charles has two children, a boy and a girl. Stephanie is 18 and Jack is 24. Stephanie studies English at college in Washington and Jack works in Florida.
The weather for the wedding is perfect.
i was looking at my test score and thinks that it should be higher. The math was wrong, the answer was marked wrong and there was a mistake in the grading.
susan hasn't seen her in the pub for a long time.
Mrs. Schmidt is pregnant. She went to the doctor after work and the doctor told her she's pregnant. The doctor didn't tell her to listen to Bach.
There are nine planets in the solar system. Pluto is not a planet anymore, because it's too small.
Emily finished school last Friday. She enjoyed school, but she didn't like having to go to school every day. She will go to university in September.
