i noticed your absence in the class this morning.
Mary will come to Jack's office on Wednesday next Wednesday.
It's snowing outside and it's beautiful.
how often do you have english lessons and how do you practice? I have a lesson once a week but I practice every day.
Jackie and the girl he was seeing broke up last week. They started dating 2 months ago. She was a psycho. One time they were supposed to meet, but Jackie wasn't at her place.
Alice was late to work. She was late because she was in a rush. She had to do urgent letters for her boss.
Mary was pleased with the photography and acting in the movie she saw last night.
i have been busy year in and year out, but none of it is to her satisfaction.
would you like to come to their party? b would like to, but he's not himself today. He failed three courses.
what do you think of the lawyer's speech and don't believe him.
hey , the new soho is great. I have just returned from my office, which is a virtual office at an office building in the downtown area. I pay the rent and share office services with others in the same building.
i just love your hair that way. Her sister did it just yesterday.
that was a great party. There were some broken glasses and a spilled drink, but it didn't leave a stain. The birthday cake was delicious and the snacks were delicious.
Benjamin has been going to the gym these days. He is planning to meet his personal trainer to have the work - out plan fixed. He will ask his dad to go with him.
Bob was offered a job in Australia by a man who offered him a job. He grew a beard during the trip, but he shaved it off when he came home.
Jack, ted and Jenny are going to meet. Jack has a crush on Jenny. ted is afraid to ask her out.
Susan has got the cancer of stomach.
Tom invited his family to spend the weekend with his family at his father's villa in Florida.
are we going to have gym class tomorrow? tomorrow is Saturday.
thanks a million . |
jacob is interested in going on a blind date with a friend of mine.
Jason is going shopping in the china friendship shopping center. He is still feeling the effects of jet lag.
i will pick her up at 8 o'clock tonight to take her out for dinner.
hey, Jennifer is early. She made a reservation for the two of them. Jennifer and Jennifer have been friends for years. Jennifer wants to change her mind.
how do you spend your time now that you’ve retired. You get up at dawn and do some exercise. You usually have cereal for breakfast, but sometimes you cook a traditional english breakfast. You do some housework in the morning and go shopping in the afternoon.
what do you think of being a secretary? It makes me crazy.
Steven has a lot of money, but he doesn't want to spend it on a new villa.
Judy and Judy are going on a trip. They have a financial budget of 13,000 rib. They will pay a lot of money for the hotel, transportation and the transportation fee.
Julia thinks the internet is convenient for people, but it's also a two-edged sword.
i ' is tired.
where are you going? He will accompany his wife to the hospital. She is expecting a baby.
Zhang ming is from China and is studying in the United States.
Karen wants to let Alex know about a new Italian place that she found.
have you figured out where you want to transfer to and where you would like to go to school. You should stay at the school.
those guys thought they would never lose but we finally beat them and now they're crying.
The cost of apartments in New York City is very high.
The chick in the red shirt is hot, but he is nervous about talking to her.
how about a movie tonight at 7 o'clock.
have you ever played making ? _sent_c99_label hasn't, but his friends play it all day, all night and sometimes for the whole weekend.
thank you for showing me your offices, mr . becker. I can see why Washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs. The city is beautiful, the offices are modern and comfortable, and the work is interesting. Many people work for the federal government their entire adult lives. Government service can be a rewarding and secure career. Many positions pay salaries comparable to those in private industries.
do you have any idea for this vacation? Why don't they spend this vacation earning their tuition.
Paul's name is Paul and he lives at Mr. smith's residence.
Mary went on a date with John. They have a lot in common. He is tall and slim, fair - haired and he is cute.
so click here, then up to the top, then open the window with the _sent_c99_label.
Sam can't find a job and the family is struggling.
i immigrated here last year.
i really should be on my way, but I don't have a ticket for the road yet.
Your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian. She has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship.
Jackie and Jackie are going to meet in front of Nordstrom's in 30 minutes. Both bon and nordstrom's are having an annual sale. Jackie will buy some clothes.
it ’s so relaxing , taking a walk in the country. The air is fresh and clean. The view from the hill is beautiful and relaxing. There is no sign of pollution. The village is peaceful, but there is nothing to do there.
i want to leave the motorbike outdoors, but don't do it at night.
you want to go with him?
My boyfriend was supposed to call me last night, but he didn't. He promised to do it, but didn't, so now she's angry. She wants to end it with him, but she doesn't want to be without him. She'll be depressed for a few weeks.
Our philosophy teacher is humorous and interesting.
bonjour ! ted said bonjour to me in french. I just got back from my language school.
Johnny has been sweeping, scrubbing, washing, drying, waxing, polishing, and his grandma is having a field day with him.
She took her luggage with her and she might not come back.
What time is it? It's quarter past five.
Sarah hosted a great party tonight.
My eyes water continuously because of the dirty air in the city.
D dick has been on the ball and he never does things like that.
The weekend is coming.rose and her friends will go to the zoo on Saturday and to the park on Sunday. On Saturday there is a football final and on Sunday they will visit the country.
Bob has been keeping Bach after his divorce.
daniel has heard about a wildlife sanctuary in Beijing. There are a lot of wild animals in the sanctuary. You can only visit it by bus or car.
what subject do you like best is English.
has the chief accepted our plan?
what are you doing there with your mobile phone ? _sent_c99_label is blogging on moblogging. It's another form of blogging.
wow . look how polite your son has become.
i don't think much of the film, but it wasn't too bad.
excuse me, can you suggest a good book for me to read. They are all on the shelf. I need an English - Chinese dictionary.
Karen likes to play the piano. Karen has been playing piano for about 18 years.
why are you laughing ?
well , how was your honeymoon? It was fantastic, but because it was the high season, you spent a lot of time queuing. You got a nice tan. You will go skiing with your friends for Christmas in Switzerland.
i guess i ' d better go now.
i took out a life insurance policy and made his wife a beneficiary. He is a fireman.
Paul looks pale and has a headache.
i can't decide whether to go to university or get a job. If he had the chance again, he would major in English. His parents want him to do that.
let ' s program your courses. You should take american literature and american prose and fiction. You also should take two three-credit courses in education.
It's not alive, but it breathes.
The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn't like the Max Oreo exhibition. He thinks the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned. He doesn't seem to like anything. He likes landscapes and still life, but he prefers abstract paintings. He has a small collection of landscapes and oils. When he was in China, he bought calligraphy by famous artists.
what do you like to do in your spare time? I like taking photos. You did a good job.
It's quite cold this early morning.
how did you know ?   it was a kind of sixth sense and it happened often.
Paul will never do well in mathematics.
Elvin is mad at Zina because of her nose. She wants to apologize for it.
i have another appointment at five, so she has to go, but she will mail the letter to you as you go through the lobby.
are you a smoker and your husband is a smoker. She had her first cigarette at seventeen.
Jim didn't go to the roller rink on Saturday, because he ran into a foxy lady that just moved to his block.
are you a newcomer to this place and you speak good english, but you speak with a strong German accent.
that ' s a very nice pair of glasses.
Shield likes to play golf, dance, eat foreign food and go on dates. He wants to take her to dutch.
Laura is his sister. She will be 18 next birthday.
Sam will be free tomorrow.
i like to stay here because people are very kind down there.
you are studying here for three years. You are disappointed with the campus.
why don 't you go out with Jack?
wow ! what happened to you ? you look sad. I lost my job.
How can I lose weight? Jim never eats breakfast.
The biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution. The air here is more polluted than in your country, because your country is more agricultural and has less industry.
excuse me, I have been to England for the first time and I don't know where to take a taxi. A taxi will call one for me.
whose handset sounds beautiful sounds like the theme song of titanic. He is not able to compose music yet, but he can get on line to search for one. There are many melodies for Ericsson and Siemens phones.
i don't know what to do about the people who live in the flat above me. They are loud and arrogant, they play their music too loudly and they are terrible gossipers. Most of the other neighbours are scared of them.
It's nice and bright today. Tomorrow will be fine too.
Deborah and Christopher are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn. They want to find a place in a small town far from the city.
Valentine's Day is a day when boys give roses and girls give chocolate to sweet hearts.
Andrew is feeling lonely lately. He doesn't feel like he knows any of his friends. He would like to make new friends, but he doesn't have a guy friend to hang out with. He will join the ultimate frisbee club.
he dresses in plain clothes and drives an old car and nobody would know he is the richest man in town.
oh , i must have been sitting in the same position too long because my legs have fallen asleep.
S susan is coming to the office party tomorrow evening. There is a prize for best costume. She is from China and Halloween is not celebrated there. In Chinese culture, ghosts come back to earth for a month for ghost month. People set off firecrackers, burn paper money as an offering and go to a temple to burn incense.
Peters Madsen is annie's seventh great grandfather. He loved his family and his countrymen.
Tom drinks a lot, doesn't he?
The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in our city. It disgusts him. He has been to Las Vegas and didn't get addicted.
Mr. Rogers is not feeling well. He will go to the nurse's. He sent a hall pass for it to Mr. Rogers.
Can you give me a ride back home?
Everyone is already at the party. There are flowers for her and a new couch for her in her new apartment.
have you got any plans for the coming holiday? I will be volunteering in a zoo for two weeks. I will help prepare food, feed animals and clean up.
He is planning again.
It's Alice's birthday today.
Mike has just passed the bar exam. He will call his parents tonight to tell them.
where should I park a scooter if I have a student lot or a street parking permit.
as we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives. However, there are some disadvantages of the mobile phone. For instance, it distracts people from work and study.
We will miss you while you're studying in the United States.
The dinner was really good. After dinner, they will try some sweet wines.
My mother is in the hospital and she's ill.
The bourbon is 15 dollars plus 10% service charge, so the total is 16 dollars.
Jack has been looking unhappy lately.
i ' ve just got the examination results and you haven't passed.
Three other people started to bid. One of them called himself buddhabuyer. I raised my bid twice, but it kept going up. I dropped out at $ 250.
more and more chinese are marrying foreigners. There are mixed marriages where the man is a chinese and the woman is a westerner. Some chinese marry foreigners for money.
Our maths teacher is rather humorous. Anne's history teacher is serious and boring.
Channel 5 has films from all over the world. I can read the subtitles on my set.
It's ann's birthday. Peter will cut the cake soon. Cathy is going to dance with Peter.
how about having a cup of tea with us and then going to the cinema together.
excuse me, the music book is too high on the shelf for me to reach, so I need help.
Fran wants to skip the x - files and watch the history channel instead. There's a program on ancient egypt tonight.
Paul and Claire are playing tonight at 7:30 pm.
David hasn't watched the 82nd oscar awards ceremony yet. avatar got the award of visual effect. David watched the movie last week in the cinema. The Hurt Locker got the Award of best picture.
wow ! that ' s a fantastic movie and I love it. Who was the director?
The may holiday is coming up soon. She wants to go to Tibet for a few days. She will call ahead to reserve a room at a hot springs resort outside Beijing.
what are you worrying about? I am worrying about my husband.
My cousin monk saw his cousin monk yesterday. He hasn't seen her for a couple of years. She's grown into a very attractive young lady.
i would like to talk with you again about what happened.
what type of movies do you like and why do you not like western and horror?
well , you seem to enjoy speaking english when you're using it all day. I hope that a few weeks of study in the school will have the same effect on you. At the moment, I find it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent and can't reply as quickly as she expects.
hey , your Chinese is coming along better than mine.
Tom is not ready for the exam yet. He wants to ask Tom for advice.
Alison is on the diet. She doesn't want to have any more.
Bob's father - in - law is a hard nut to crack.
There are playing the matrix today. There is a long line in the queue for tickets.
don ' t cover up your sadness. let it go.
i ' ve been told that you are a successful businessman abroad. He worked as a servant to make a start.
Mike is going to gamble on the world cup tonight. He will bet on France.
good afternoon, sir. I'm a newspaper columnist and I work in a coffeehouse. I enjoy working there. My favourite coffee is irish coffee, but I can drink any other coffee. I don't make coffee at home. I buy takeout at Starbucks and instant coffee.
why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze. low - income groups have a higher percentage of over - weight people than higher income families. They eat more junk food on a daily basis. The average american home has the tv on for 6 hours a day, so nobody exercises.
merry christmas to Lily, joey and joey.
Cindy yelled at Cindy in front of everyone yesterday.
Jack and mary broke up. They had been together for only two months. Jack was seeing a girl from his hometown. Mary saw them holding hands and ended the relationship.
A girl threw a bucket of water on me. His clothes are wet.
Bob and Mary had an argument and split up.
Nick met Nick last week at the conference. He will give him his card back.
Rick fields and Bob Copeland are playing a key game between Russia and Canada today. The winner will move on to the finals.
Lisa has just found out that her husband, Mark, has been seeing someone else for two months. She found out about it when she picked up the phone and a girl asked to talk to him.
What channel did you watch last night? Channel 24. It shows cable networks and no commercial interruptions.
sorry to interrupt but he needs to have a word with you.
what are you doing ? |
would you travel around the world if you had the money?
Rick fields and Bob Copeland are at a baseball game. They are watching two world class teams fight for their right to be called champions.
Tim was trying to tell the truth but they didn't take it that way.
i told you that she is no fool, but I was not sure about her ability to cope with a boss.
 ann and bob are going to the beach together this weekend.
Tom is back and will have a cup of coffee with Jill. He will also bring her some books on literature.
Jack and Mary broke up because he was cheating on her with a girl from his hometown. May saw them holding hands and ended the relationship.
i wish you wouldn't play the tv so loud, but you were trying to sleep.
Karen likes to play the piano. Karen has been playing piano for about 18 years.
what do you do in your spare time? In summer I go hiking and skiing, in winter I ski. Would you like to come along for a ski trip with me.
Craig has a terrible cold. He should be at home in bed.
She is intense and demanding, but he likes that.
i have a suggestion to go to a TV station and sing.
i will see you in sterlet in a minute.
Mary got married to jerrod yesterday. She's going to live in Paris.
i am trying to decide what school to apply to. public schools are usually state funded, whereas private schools get their funding elsewhere.
let ' s program your courses. You should take american literature and american prose and fiction. You also should take two three-credit courses in education.
S sandy doesn't understand most of these games. She is afraid to lose all her money. The rule for las vegas is that you must decide how much money you will gamble before you start to play.
i feel very miserable. He took the death of his wife very hard.
Mary was late for a meeting with Henry's mother, because his car broke down. She is going to marry him.
Mr is asking the class to read page 10 to themselves and then he will ask them questions about the passage.
Bob is going to the concert this evening. He will go with Bob to the music hall with him.
i couldn't wait to meet you in person. I have heard a lot about you.
John has watched Beijing opera once. He is a Beijing opera fan.
There are only two psychology classes open. One is on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 pm to 4 pm. The other class is from ten to twelve pm on Monday and Wednesday.
Martin and susan are leaving for America tomorrow. susan got admit to mit.
have you ever run into a person who tries to bleed you white and wants to spend all their money on you.
It will be raining when they arrive. The bank should be closed. They won't need their overcoats.
My disposable contact lenses are great for camping. Each contact comes in its own saline solution. You can pop them in in the morning, take them out at night and throw them away.
Last night Mary met a great guy at the bar and they are going to meet again tonight. They have a lot in common, like the same teams, music, and honesty.
are you studying here in the eastern asian language department. You are studying in Japanese.
look at the cloud.
Sophia has a new job and she doesn't spend much time with her old friend Sophia. Sophia and Sophia used to spend a lot of time together, but since she started her new job, Sophia is more interested in hanging out with her new friends from work. Sophia invited her over for dinner a few weeks ago, but she brought a friend from work with her.
do you like flowers? I like peach blossom and lotus. Peach blossom is my favourite flower, lotus is not.
where are you from ?
There is a double feature at the cinema on the corner of Lincoln and Main on Saturday. There is an action movie with Harrison Ford and a chick flick with susan abandon. The movie starts at one and the meeting will take place there.
All the orders from the factory are staging a demonstration in the streets today. They are calling for better working conditions for all factory employees. They gathered outside the city hall.
Peter won't make it to dinner with Peter tomorrow night as he's not feeling well.
why do you want to spend your summer days in a mountain village instead of in a big town.
It's getting late and I have to go now, so I will leave.
what ' s your opinion about childless couples? will you choose to have no kids. My husband and his mother - in - law had a fight last night because she wants grandkids.
i don't like the hero of the film.
how much did you bid? eighty - five dollars. If your bid is the highest after three more days, you will win.
It's taking you forever to do my hair. It doesn't look good.
excuse me, but the parking lot is full and she has to wait her turn. She needs to use the restroom.
Tom is stuck in a ditch in the snow. He came to the cabin to see the cabin, but the car got stuck in the ditch. They will probably be stranded for days.
let ' s go for a walk.
mr . bellow has had enough of gin fizz and bloody mary. He will have a shanghai cocktail from the waiter.
Jack has a chance to go to college without taking a test. He likes architecture more than computers.
Janice's first weekend after being employed is coming. Her mom wants her to do housework at home.
Hurry up, because they are going to be late.
Carol is going to go on a diet as part of her new year's resolution.
Billy and his date are going to the new bar on 17th street tonight. They will meet at 9 pm. There is no cover charge at the bar.
what ' s the most popular sport in your country and do you play it?
Lisa had a great party.
it ' s snowing heavily.
give me scotch, black rose or plain water.
have you ever seen Bill Gate's house on the internet? It's got its own library, theatre, swimming pool, guest house, and a guest house. It's located near the sea, so he can park his boats next to his house. He would have to hire a lot of people to clean and take care of the house. His dream home would be a small cottage in a quiet village in England.
rachel and Rachel will go to a concert of classic music tomorrow evening.
look at what you have done with your thumbs.
what is your hobby and what kind of reading materials do you like best?
you look great thanks to you. There is one problem with eating more and more these days and it puts more weight on me. It's not good to start with too much work - out at the beginning. She would like to try yoga. There's a free yoga class going on right over there.
Dave will pick up a beautiful Chinese girl at the school gate tonight at 10:30 instead of 8:30. He will put on a nice outfit.
A small town has serious problems. The mayor and high official practice crony are to blame.
The woman in the green is an english teacher.
which countries have you been to? I have been to most of the countries in Europe, several countries in Asia, such as China, Japan, Korea, and Thailand, and to the United States and Canada. I will visit Australia and New Zealand soon. Norway is the most beautiful country I have visited.
what ' s bothering that guy ? |
jane is going out with her friend on Saturday afternoon. There is a special exhibition of French sculptures at the museum. She will be out all day. Jane will not be free next week, as she has a lot of work.
Jack goes to school at 8 am every morning and doesn't get home until after four. He does his homework after tea. He walks to school. He meets some of his friends at the corner.
are you an american and you don't speak english. Your mother is a German, so she can speak german. You are an American, so you can speak German. You will exchange lessons with me.
Your muscles are a spectacle. You don't work out, but you should.
you are an eager beaver.
Dennis is a serious and serious person.
Lily knows lizzy smith, her mother, father, younger sister, sue, and younger sister Mary.
This place serves good breakfasts, but he's not used to eating american - style breakfast. He wants to rent a windsurfers at the beach. He will pay fifty dollars for a half - hour for a rental.
i don't know what to do if he loses his job as an investment adviser. His supervisor is dishonest and won't tell his boss the truth. He will tell their boss that it was all his fault. He has enough money in savings to live off for about 3 months, but he would rather invest his money. His contract on his apartment is up next month, so he can either move out then or renew his contract for another year. If he doesn't find a new job, he
excuse me, I have no idea where my class is. I have a class in room 261.
T turbid automatically submits a bid with just a few seconds to go in an auction to steal something for a bargain price.
Fred has a job waiting for him back in his hometown. After graduation, he will live with his parents. His parents don't want him to live at home.
Mel would like to meet for a cup of coffee this afternoon, but she has an appointment. They will meet tomorrow at Starbucks.
ok , so who are they going to invite to their dinner party on Friday? They have the thompsons, the greens, and the anderson, about twelve people total, and their friend andy from the office will come over. They can't have thirteen people for dinner on Friday because of a superstition. They will invite their sister instead.
Bob let me down, he betrayed my faith.
Alice will go to Tianqiao temple fair today. She loves temple fairs.
excuse me, supen, but my daughter isn't feeling well and I have to leave the date.
Karen huang wants to register for comp lit 287. The class is full, but the university computer system saves extra places in class 287 for comparative literature students. Karen will use a special code to get in.
Henry has been having an affair with his secretary. He is divorcing his wife and there is a fight going on about the children.
how did you first meet Jack? It was a heavy raining afternoon and you were standing under the eaves of a shop. Jack came to you with an umbrella and sent you to your home.
where are you from is Germany. You speak German and English, too.
what are you reading is a fitness consultant's book about sports for white - collar workers.
Kobe is the best player in the NBA, and so is Kobe.
The place is right past the last building on the left and it's pizza or something else Italian.
i 'm reading an interesting report on mars. It says water could still exist under the surface of mars. We are doing a project in school that involves landing a ship and staying on mars for an extended period of time. Nasa has looked at various designs for portable habitats for extended stays on mars, but they haven't built any.
would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow in Beijing?
The science field trip is next Monday at 8 a.m. on the 2nd of December. The return bus will leave the campground at 5 p.m and return to campus 3 hours later at 8 p.M. Someone is coming to get me.
Mr. Taylor is going to show Mary around the school.
It's hot. The temperature has hit 98 degrees.
in the discus throw, you scored 30 meters at the final throw. You have been practising for 5 weeks.
hi , where have you been? I was away for a vacation.
do you want to go out for dinner tonight? They will go to the Taj restaurant. They will bring their own wine.
robin and Bob will play hockey in the morning and go yachting with Nora in the afternoon.
so do you think i can take it ?   I would stay over there if I were in your shoes.
Joe got married to Joe.
watch out , patrick !
well , humans could never make something like that . _sent_c99_label those poor egyptians slaves worked so hard and you want to give aliens all the credit.
Charlie and Steven are neighbours. They will help each other from now on.
The winter in Ottawa is freezing.
The summers are great here. They will stay in bremen instead of Hamburg tonight. Tomorrow they will have lunch in hamburg, then check into a hostel inenhagen and have dinner there.
wow . she can be really nasty , can ' t she ?  She was right. He was too nervous.
Mary works for an internet company.
Jack is going to ask Martha to marry him. He proposed to her 2 weeks ago, but it wasn't special. He doesn't know how to ask her father in front of her.
Harris and Anne are getting married. Tom and Annie are getting engaged.
What is a coffee grinder and is it a grinder?
Jack is going out with Jane. Jane is beautiful and intelligent.
There is an animal in his soup. The waiter will change his drink.
Dalian is a beautiful city. The climate here is pleasant.
well, i ’ d better get back to work, because she has a lot of stuff on her desk. She will see him after work. He will see her after work too.
where will you go in your vacation?
Alexander has a dinner date with a friend of amy tonight. He met her at amy's birthday party. He will meet a guy he met on the internet three month ago.
Anthony has been living with his parents for 40 years. He is finally getting married. The bridesmaids look beautiful. The flower girl and ring bearer are the groom's niece and nephew. The bride is coming now.
i ' ve just got the examination results and you haven't passed.
Meally is going to introduce Lily and the tall man who works with her to a manager.
hello , i ' m lance . |
It seldom rains this summer. Some places are short of water because of that.
Rich and cath got married and just had a child. Teresa Jones got a boob job and erica falls has lost a lot of weight.
How are your Chinese lessons going? He's learning slowly.
let me hold the door for you, miss.
 can we talk now. He is in love with her and wants to know where their relationship is going.
how do you do ? i ’ m parker with a p and a b and I’m barker.
Let's go to wangfujing by bus, but I'll take the subway. It's faster and more convenient. The subway is free of charge.
i want to see the hitchhiker next weekend. She will be scared out of her wits. She likes horror movies.
excuse me, sir, I need to talk to you about the rail service. You commute to work by train five days a week. The service is good and the trains are frequent. In the evening you take the 5:30 home train.
Kate and Don haven't seen each other for almost three months. Kate is on a diet and she's lost twelve pounds. She's taking an amateur dance class after work.
how do you usually sell your products now? I'm doing business through internet now. It's convenient and it's cheap. It has some disadvantages, like credit problems.
alright everyone settle down . as you know , an important aspect of becoming a good citizen is understanding the genesis of our legal system. In the nineteenth century, workers were forced to work ten, twelve, and fourteen hours a day. On May first 1886, a resolution stating that eight hours of work was a legal day was passed. The resolution took effect, but the happy ending came at a high price for the strikers.
My wife gave birth to a healthy girl. She is tired but getting a lot of rest now. It's been a week and he hasn't slept well. He has to work and take care of his wife and the baby.
irene was on a date last night. She had a fantastic time. He is a junior investment banker at fortune bank.
Lucy will come to the sports hall on Sunday morning to play tennis with Lucy.
Jim lost 100 yuan and some classmates said that you took the money. It's not true, but you need money to buy medicine for your mother's badly ill.
The car that my daddy gave me for his birthday last month died. It is a brand new car. The pistons are busted and the transmission is broken. The car will have to stay in the shop for at least two weeks.
There's a little breeze, a lovely moon and calm weather.
a friend of mine is now in the big house after he was caught selling cocaine.
The fragrant mountain is located at the east foot of western mountain of Beijing in a park with the same name. It is the best season to view red leaves from mid-October to the first ten days of November. There are many attractions worth visiting.
Frank has gone out with Lucy again.
 philosophy is the most tedious course I've ever had.
that one looks pretty big, but I always keep what I catch.
Lester needs to be certified as a mechanic before he can repair cars for a living. There are many small schools for adults like him. He can get a student loan from a vocational school or from the government.
Ted has the day off from work on Friday. He will probably stay in and relax.
Richard was fired by his manager.
How do you like waltz? I like it very much. I took up dancing recently. I'm not much of a dancer, but I'm a good leader. I like the samba and w Waltz the best.
what can I do for you today? I need to return a book and check out a magazine in the library.
happy valentine's day. I will treat you to dinner tonight.
It's about 11 o'clock.
where are you going this weekend and what will you do with your friends. You will go out for a picnic with Fred, David, his college class mates, Rachel and others.
The photography exhibit is going on at the art gallery this weekend. They will meet at 11:00 at the gallery.
Janet goes to the gym about three times a week. She is a member of a gym nearby.
Guess what? I won the speech contest at my school.
Pam got back from Canada the day before yesterday. She visited Montreal and Ottawa. Montreal is more exciting and has better shopping and nightlife. ottawa is prettier and has more museums and galleries.
well , you seem to enjoy speaking english when you're using it all day. I hope that a few weeks of study in the school will have the same effect on you. At the moment, I find it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent and can't reply as quickly as she expects.
What happened to my cup?
Jack and Jack are going out.
which language do you speak? _sent_c99_label studied french at school, Russian, Spanish, Japanese and Chinese. He is learning Chinese on the internet and Japanese at home with his pa.
what happened to john?
professor will miss one class meeting. He will e-mail her this week as a reminder.
The system of public schools is fairly uniform everywhere throughout the united states. The majority of students attend the public schools. Some students go to private schools. There are exceptions to the rule.
We thought you might like to participate in our rehearsal.
They killed another hostage. A colleague of mine was kidnapped once.
How have you been and how is everyone in your family?
where did you get your mobile? _sent_c99_label got it in Singapore. It's an old Ericsson. He collects antiques. He doesn't want to get a new one.
i can't find the book that you lent me. He will buy a new one tomorrow.
Jim borrowed money from Nick. Nick is a loan shark.
It's freezing out and it's raining. It's a hailstorm. The weatherman didn't say anything about it in his report last night.
Everything is almost ready for the Christmas party. Everyone will come to the party. Dave won't come because he has to go to his parent's home in Scotland. They will have christmas pudding and snack foods.
Today is the wedding of an old couple who promised to stick together forever when they were young.
do you think you could keep the noise down and not make long distance calls.
Brad is going home. He has to return to his classroom and wait to be dismissed.
Mary and her partner have been in love for six years. They are divorcing.
did you enjoy the movie "On the golden pond"?
i have some photos of Jiuzhaigou valley taken by myself. He will get fuji 200 film for taking photos of natural beauty.
Chandler was born in Ohio, but he grew up in Texas. He came to Los Angeles in 1978. He went to college in Los Angeles and studied drama. He was an actor for five years after college. He became a hairdresser.
Neither of them is very religious, so they will not get married in the church. They have already booked the hotel for the reception.
look ! the girl is beautiful and she is smiling at me, but she always blows hot and cold. She is lovely.
what 's the matter with you? You don't look well. It's raining.
Philip got an award for exceptional work.
There is a lot to do with your new computer and internet connection. You should be careful not to give out your email address too often. You can add a web page to your favourites list and it will be added to the list again.
if you fall in love like him, you will go soft in the head as well, so come off it.
There is more vodka in the bottle. George will pass it over to Irene. Irene works for macrohard.
are you still busy today and are you fine.
Champion thinks he has a chance in 2004 in gymnastics if he keeps up his workouts.
i ' ve come to say good - bye. He will be flying home on Sunday afternoon.
Pollution in modern cities goes from bad to worse.
when will you be able to come here? She can't come until next week.
George has a lot of problems, he has his own company and it's not going well. His products are good, but he can't find any customers. His new laptop crashed on Friday and he lost everything. He will have another cocktail.
John passed away yesterday. He had a serious disease.
peter is a bag lady now.
 kelly has a flu and is in bed with a fever. She won't come to the presentation today. ann will call morley and cancel her appointments for today.
Susan is going to a house party with some friends tonight. She will wear a white diamond necklace.
Rice is the staple food in most of southeast Asia. is rice your staple food too.
what do you like to do with your free time? study English.
Bob doesn't have to pay me for business.
It was a coincidence seeing you here.
My daughter's marriage has taken a toll on his relationship with her. He doesn't like her husband.
How wonderful it is to be in love. Mary is in love with someone, but how to get his attention.
Steve and Todd are going to have a competition today. The winner gets two tickets to the Sydney Olympics.
John is very late and it's late.
i ' ve come to apologize for what i said yesterday.
He will be promoted to the general manager.
Janet and Tom will come over to play bridge and then go to the movies.
Tom is going to divorce his wife. They have been separated for six months.
dad wants to learn how to drive during the summer vacation. He will get registered at teetee training school. They offer a summer program for 3,000 yuan. The ideal life school offers many programs and there are many classes.
did you have any hobbies as a child? reading is my hobby. When I was a child in elementary school, I enjoyed reading fables and science fiction. As a teenager, I was interested in detective mystery stories and now I like reading romance stories. People say only those in love like to read romance stories, but I'm not in love.
Shell likes to golf, dance and eat foreign food. He wants to take her on a date, but he doesn't have much money. They might go to dutch restaurant.
Jack will visit Rose this weekend. They will meet for dinner at 7 pm.
The boss has been breathing down my neck all day. He won't let us check our personal email at work. It's against the company policy.
The bank closes in 30 minutes and James needs to cash a check. He needs to buy a tv set. He will lend the money to buy it.
He came to work late every day that week, but on Friday he didn't show up.
The 2005 international tourism festival starts on the third Saturday of October and covers over one hundred diverse programs in one month. One of the highlights of the festival will be the ten thousand people cycling round the town. The other highlights are the international dragon boat race and lion dance.
Taiwanese people don't have garage sales. There are only auction websites that sell used things in the country.
what do you think of ac milan and the team of argentine's foot work?
did you move into your new apartment yet? You only pay 800 dollars a month. There is a 7 - 11 supermarket nearby.
i want to buy a parking permit for her motorcycle. It will cost twenty - five dollars. She will use a credit card.
what is that you have there is a surprise. If you don't go out right now it won't be under the tree.
here ' s 30 yuan for my ticket. I'm buying tonight.
How are you doing with your English language studies?
i am told that you dance like an animal. Why don't you give a show in the front stage?
Carole met him just before she took off from Kitty's. He couldn't make it because his car died again. Carole will let him know if she runs into him.
Jimmy had four teeth pulled last week and is not feeling well.
Kenny from South Park found a doll in a park. It's a Kenny doll.
wait for me 。
Michael Milliken, the bond king, got off with a light sentence of three years in a minimum - security prison. He made millions selling bonds to people and ended up with a pile of cash when they became useless.
He was once a poor man, but now he is a man of means.
i didn't see you at Mr. Johnson's class today.
why don't we chinese have their own valentine's day?
The idea about Friday the thirteenth being Friday the 13th is ridiculous.
i am not sure what to do during the holidays. She is interested in all of the options.
Jack and Jim are meeting here.
Jenny is having a good time at the party. She is grateful for the invitation.
i will borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend. He will drop it off on Sunday night. They will borrow chairs from the lunchroom.
good morning , kevin .
i ’d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me.
The important day of the weekend is on Saturday.
what can i do for him on the World War Two? He needs some materials on the world war two. He has found some items from the card catalogue, but they are not enough for him.
some people pile on their agonise and try to seek other people's sympathy by telling them how miserable they are. They take advantage of people's hospitality and generosity.
Celia enjoyed her trip to the United States. She was there for three weeks. The weather was fine most of the time but it snowed a lot in Chicago.
i am impressed with your presentation skills.
welcome back from your vacation to Paris. It was fantastic. The eiffel tower is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world. You went to the top of the Eiffel Tower. You didn't go to the louvre. You spent an afternoon in the flea market.
what does she do? She works as a teller in a bank and goes to night school three times a week. She wants to be a manager.
i spilled ink all over the table cloth and is sorry.
Mike is having a party tonight. He will bring his girlfriend Cathy. He is breaking up with Cathy. Cathy is possessive and he wants a break.
Rachel saved Rachel's life yesterday when she forgot to bring her wallet.
Jenny is weeping and it makes Jenny angry.
how delicious ! tender and crisp ! _sent_c99_label this is the specialty of the restaurant.
i am tired of everything in her life. She is about to leave the family and spread her wings.
Jimmy and may are in a bar. It's their first time in the bar. They have a ticket for free drink. They are going to take some photos.
Mary is going back home to the US tomorrow.
Dan got a divorce. Sally found out about it from his wife.
mr. Ben likes the book he received from Mr. Ben.
come and sit down. He will have a gin and tonic, olives and crisps. He likes the irish music. He bought the cd in the cd shop in the mall. He has some photos from their holiday in Ireland.
Anita is leaving for a few weeks for a vacation.
The mountaineering club is going to climb a cliff on the Colorado river this weekend. Last week they rappelled down the side of a 300 - foot cliff.
Lucy will buy a smaller car with smaller engine to save some tax. She will also consider the environmental factors.
i don’t think she can take another semester of this dorm food. She should move into an apartment off campus.
Richard didn't come to school today.
thanks for everything . |
you look pale, you must have poor health and should see the doctor.
william likes studying english and can read well, but speaking can be difficult. If he talks to his american friends every day he will learn quickly.
Jogging does good to me, so I keep on doing it and it's a habit.
John doesn't know if he's a Christian. He doesn't believe that one religion is better than another.
i will go to the cinema alone this evening. He used to go with Helen, but she talks a lot.
Rick fields and Bob Copeland are playing a key game between Russia and Canada today. The winner will move on to the finals.
N nanometer is a length scale of one billionth of a meter.
All my relatives are getting together at my house for Christmas. My sister is going to her in - law's house this year. Santa will bring me a new sweater and some computer games. On Christmas Day, my family goes to church and then opens their gifts together.
matthew and Steve haven't seen each other for almost a year. He's looking for a new place to live. His lease runs out next month and he doesn't want to renew it. His neighbour is moving in with her daughter to help out with the baby.
I lost my wallet. I will borrow 50 dollars from him. He will pay me back on Friday. He is going to buy some books and go to the gas station.
Jeff and Jeff will go to the diner around the corner to get some food.
sometimes you look like brains and sometimes you are simple a barbie doll. Sometimes you are a brains, but sometimes you don't.
i heard you were on a date last night. She had a fantastic time. David is a junior investment banker at fortune bank.
Steven likes swimming and cycling at the weekend. On Saturday morning he rides his bike around the city or the country road for almost two hours.
Matthew had a meeting with a woman from Japan today. She didn't look at him in the meeting and she didn't shake his hand.
it ' s raining.
how was your trip to Brazil and what did you learn there?
what courses did you major in ? _sent_c99_label.
do you know what e - commerce is? It means buying something online.
michael johnson doesn’t look graceful, but he sure is powerful. ben johnson passed every drug test he has taken.
This weekend Wei is going to stay in on Saturday and rest. On Sunday he will go to the pub to watch the football.
Will they drive to the seaside? They will leave about noon and get there by supper time. I will help pay for the gas.
Ellie and her friends are singing " happy birthday" to her ten-year-old niece. It's her birthday today. Jim's birthday is tonight. Alice will come to his birthday party at 6.
He was around average height, medium weight, around five nine five ten, maybe a little on the heavy side. He had black or dark brown hair.
The papers make everybody listless, and that's why i spent the whole afternoon in the swimming pool.
i'm going to the store downtown this afternoon to try on wedding dresses. She will come with me to help her choose.
Tom saw the film last night and thought it was a failure, but the applause from the audience proved otherwise.
Joe stays online for four hours every day. He surfs the net, checks his e - mail and chats with his friends.
let's take a coffee break and walk around.
There are many idioms in english. The expression goodbye is one of them.
have you ever thought of going to Africa? It might be dangerous.
are you a wrestler or a boxer? He is not.
merry christmas to you.
My uncle's motorcycle was stolen a few nights ago. It was one of the best ones available and he had an alarm system, but that didn't stop the thieves from disabling it on a crowded street. No one knew his motorcycle was being stolen. The thieves came in a truck and convinced everybody that the motorcycle was parked illegally and they were there to tow it away.
He started a business five years ago and is now the richest among them. He was not good in any subject.
Charles hasn't finished his homework yet, so grandma wants him to have a walk with her.
look ! there 's even a built - in handle to carry it with. It comes in teal and tangerine. It also comes with a cd - rom.
actually i have a passion for chinese literature.
Grandpa has been smoking recently. The doctor told him not to smoke again.
How is everything going with your girlfriend? It's over. They were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for their one year anniversary, but she stood him up. She didn't tell him why. He found out later that night when he saw her with another man at a club near his home. He didn't want to confront her.
eric will be in China for one year and doesn't know what he should do after that. He is learning Chinese, but it's too hard for him.eric and Eric will meet on Sunday to discuss a language exchange program.
Someone is stalking Doris. She saw him the first time on Tuesday at the cafe and today at the shoe store. He followed her all the way home. She didn't call the police.
Mrs. Taylor is here to pick up Diane.
Mary and her husband are getting ready to leave for their honeymoon.
French dressing will be used on the salad.
i ’ ll be away for a moment and will be back in a moment.
The house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all the furniture.
Doris is going back to London tomorrow after 9 months in Japan. She is going to miss the people, the food, the nightlife and the restaurants.
ahh . . . what a fine day ! i do feel like an outdoor exercise so I will take a walk in the park.
Maria is late for the evening class. She has to prepare supper for the whole family before she leaves. Ben has been cooking for them since she started attending the class. Her husband is on a business trip to the U.S. now and she has to take care of everything herself. Her one - year - old baby is also a problem. Her parents will live with her for a while. Her adult college entrance exam is at the end of the month.
Steve is going back to america.
what 's the matter with you ? you look upset and tired. Your father failed in business. Your family is going through a difficult time. You have a part - time job and can help your family.
how did you two meet and how did they meet?
Shirley is a regional marketing manager for an it company. She works out of Beijing, but she's here on business. Shirley's friend Judy invited her to the party.
It rained last night. It may rain again later today. There may be some dark clouds and a strong wind. The air is fresh. The fall in Beijing is beautiful, but the summer is scorching. Spring is warm and short in Beijing.
i hear you are being sent to Madrid for the annual conference. It's going to be your first time leaving the country. You leave next Tuesday at 7 am. Your flight departs at 7:30 am. If your flight is leaving early, I will take you to the airport and see you off.
i 've been thinking of taking a crazy english course. He will take the course with her. They will go to a restaurant for dinner and practice their english together tonight. He got paid.
Corey and Corey are not going to do anything romantic for Valentine's Day this Friday.
do you take a bus to and from work every day. When you leave work, all the other buses are going the other direction. The buses are always crowded. Recently, he had a hard time getting on the second bus.
i think it ' s high time we had lunch.
are you busy with your work and so are you. Sometimes you work overtime, so your salary must be high. You can travel twice every year, but not until October.
what a beautiful sweater. It goes well with your pants.
let ' s go for a drink after work.
what kind of sport do you often do? I go jogging. I used to swim a lot, but now I'm taking gym classes.
The boss was absent from today's meeting.
any chance of using your telephone?
Jack is falling in love with a girl in his econ class. He has been following her around campus and hasn't seen another guy. He will ask her on a date next week.
your husband is willing to help, but he's not as helpful as you think.
henry married rose only after her father's money.
David bought a yellow leather sofa for $ 100 in the Johnson thrift store.
i am tired of everything in her life. She is about to leave the family and spread her wings.
Willie will go to dinner with him tonight.
ikebana is an art of flowers. It is different from western style flower arrangement. There is a certain way to make tea and wipe a bowl with a cloth.
so , you finally got your doctorate in genetics. Now you have to find a job. You could work for a private company or a university.
What newspaper are you reading? New York Times. Why don't you read the local newspaper?
Don't tell Jenny the truth, only tell her the white lie.
Mark has been playing a game called counter strike on his laptop on his bed. It's a first person shooter game.
hey , that’s a very nice hairdo you ’re wearing, but I’m not good at making hairdos.
A man sent miss smith flowers and Bryan got kicked out of class today.
The wife works at home. She cooks, cleans and takes care of children.
what kinds of tv programs do you enjoy watching and why? I like current affairs programs and documentaries, especially wildlife ones. I think that many people underrate the education value of tv. tv stations need to make money from advertisements. In my country there is a time limit on the number of advertisements per hour.
George will pick up ann tomorrow at 8 pm and they will go to the opening premiere of "Star Wars" at 10.
hurry up, mom, because she wants to learn how to swim.
Ed blew the exam and doesn't want to talk about it.
do you like playing table tennis? Certainly.
Alex, Sean, Stacy and Rebecca are on the school tennis team. Stacy's boyfriend Matt is handing out beer to everyone.
don ’t you think it's a good idea to hold a party outside. How about going to a concert instead.
Mary won't be able to have dinner with them on Friday as she's going on business to Birmingham. She'll come over next Wednesday.
i lost all of his lottery winnings playing the stock market.
i hear you are moving to New York and will miss Boston.
what ' s a good place for sightseeing and where to go.
Jack and Jake made a reservation at Friday's for dinner tonight. betty is not sure if she's coming. She will never go out with him again. They had a horrible experience at the smith's last time.
Matt got a job at a consulting firm. He starts next Monday. He's going to celebrate with Toby tonight. Toby is depressed.
Carol is going to go on a diet as part of her new year's resolution.
The sociology class is supposed to read a chapter in a book called sociology and the modern age. The book is in the library. The professor has placed it on reserve. A student can go to the reserve room and ask the reserve librarian for the book. The student can have the book for a few hours.
The government has a lot of social problems now. It is unemployment that gives rise to such problems.
It's been 20 years since Bill and Betty's first date. Bill and Betty have grown up.
Sally has an exam at 9 o'clock. Mike will drive her to the exam. Sally has been working on a case for six months and will finish next week.
merry christmas to Mr. White for his help in the past few days. He has sent him a book.
Excuse me, the ticket is free on weekend.
i would back him up to the hilt anyway. He's my brother.
what can i do for you? I need to apply for a passport. You can apply for one right now. Then I will take your picture for your passport. It will be ready in a few weeks.
her dress looks funny but it looks fine to me.
S sandy wants to go to the TV with them.
It's Chinese Valentine's Day today. He forgot to bring roses for his girlfriend.
Swimming is my favorite sport. I go to the pool twice a week. The entrance charge is 30 yuan per person. Jogging is a substitute for swimming.
i will pay thirty dollars for a parking permit for the next semester. He will pay cash.
thanks for lunch, but next time it will be on me.
guess what I bought for you. It's a case of flowers.
The door bell doesn't work, the sink is leaking, there's no hot water, and the building is falling apart.
Rich and cath will sit in the back. Taylor's parents will probably be up front.
mary and Pam are going to the mall later to buy some new clothes.
Nick wants to give his wife a ring as a symbol of their commitment.
Michael's grandfather died recently and left him a lot of money. He bought an old house in warton. He doesn't live on a bus line, so he has to walk 1/4 mile to get to a bus stop.
it ' s said that the government will clamp down on the new policy, but is it true?
i couldn’t believe you should crack such a joke to them and sent them a label.
hello, I am going to Barcelona for a week. I don't need a visa to go to Spain. I will take a window seat by the emergency exits. I have one piece of luggage.
i think it's important that all people have the ability to read.
Cindy yelled at Cindy in front of everyone yesterday.
Lin is late. She had an article to write. She would like to thank professor smith for giving her unlimited access to his research materials.
Mark has been coming home late lately as he's been working overtime lately. He works 12 hours each day, including 5 hours overtime.
which sports are popular in your country? Most people like football, basketball, tennis, swimming, extreme sports, golf and extreme sports.
Trina and Jared are getting married six months from now in the summer. They will have around four hundred guests and the hall at northwoods heights will be their reception venue. Jared will officiate. Trina's step - sister and her string quartet will take care of the music. Jared's cousin will be the official photographer. The wedding will take place in Jared's parents' church. They are planning to have an island paradise - themed wedding with a blue theme.
No. 164 in lane 3 achieved 11.16 in the 100 meter dash. He won the first place.
when is your vacation going to start and where is it going to be? It will start on the 5th of August. You are going to stay with friends at the beach.
what a hot day ! It's summer and summer vacation is coming. Tianjin is coming up. He will go to the beach there.
i don't think i'm getting better.
John got a job offer from Dell. He's going to have a beer with John.
what would you like to drink ? tea or coffee? _sent_c99_label would like to have coffee in the morning.
May I have two tickets for 2:30 pm for 60 yuan each.
Zina has a secret admirer, but she doesn't want to deal with him.
do you have brothers and sisters in your family? No, but you have an elder sister who is married.
Lily's boyfriend, Jack, has loused up her business several times.
Mike is going to YY 'S tonight. Mike and Mike are going to hang out at Yy' s. Xara's is classy, but it's expensive. Mike will join Mike at YY'S as they have just renovated the place. waiter will bring two drafts.
Rose is feeling better today. She is holding the baby. It's a girl.
Mom doesn't have any cookies, because she ate them an hour ago.
It's too cold in the room. There are no buttons on the air conditioning to change the temperature. The air conditioning is centrally controlled.
hello ! how are you today ? _sent_c99_label is tired and nervous, because he had a test and he doesn't know how well he did. He wants to go for a coffee with his friends.
Lily has a crush on a boy she met on msn. She keeps thinking of him every day and gets depressed when he's not online. She told him about it.
The new computer software is driving Carol crazy. She needs a break.
It's not her first time to Taiwan, she first came here in 1995.
susan is going to get a divorce with Peter.
tomorrow will be my first day at work. I will wear a blue dress, white shirt, car key and a simple shirt.
ye ting , who are these people in the picture are my family and they are my brothers.
 are going to the cinema and will be back home before nine. He will come back as soon as the film is over.
Karen and Justin are going to see Otis lesley at the kangaroo club on Thursday night. They are meeting in front of the club at about a quarter after seven. They will go out for a coffee after the show.
Nick, Sally, Sally and Sally are going to pick the movie that won the 1996 Oscar for best picture.
i often go to a place of leisure, a cafe. He will take her there some day.
William took me to an Italian restaurant and they had an amazing conversation. She told him about how many kids she wants and how her parents will be excited to meet him. They are going out again.
i think andy's party will be fun. She will get back the sweater and black leather boots from him.
downloading music from iTunes is legal if you pay for it with a credit card.
do you believe in god? I am an agnostic. I believe in science over theology.
Cindy has a room to herself in a room twice as big as her room in Taiwan. She has her own bathroom and a phone.
Mary will come to Joe's party on Friday night. She will bring her friend Jake with her.
come on in and make yourself at home.
Elvin Dixon and Mary have a mutual admiration for the software that he has designed.
i wish you would not be so selfish and consider your son's future.
we are going to the movies and want to have lunch with them, but I have to help John with his math problems right now.
way to go ! it seems beautiful and delicious.
Everything is full at the housing office, but they can put you on a waiting list. There is a catalog of apartments available in the area from the office.
Shirley and sophie are neighbors. They are worried about the security of the community because Shirley's house has been burgled twice before. There are security guards on duty 24 hours a day and they patrol all over the neighborhood. There is a carrefour near the neighborhood and a party will be held for new neighbors the day after tomorrow.
Dave woke up to find a note stuck in the middle of his computer screen.
i almost got killed on the chair lift. It is only his second time skiing. He will show him how to ski.
are you busy next Saturday, you will go shopping with me to buy a costume for a fancy dress party. The party is organized by one of the girls in my office. It's a country theme.
what do you think of when you're praying? I try to picture the lord's face in my mind.
Tom didn't go to the party last night because he was feeling homesick. He won't be able to come home for the holidays. He will go with his friends to the dance club tonight.
Susan wants to take some additional credits to get a minor in psychology. She will take fundamental linguistics, consumer psychology and neuroanatomy as part of her minor.
Zina is a good salesperson.
It seems it rains every time we plan a picnic.
you are late. What is the deal?
Alan hasn't shown up yet. His sister had a car accident last week. She is still in a coma.
This cake is excellent. Where did you buy it?
excuse me . mr . li wants to ask some questions. He wants to know how many credits would be enough for a bachelor's degree.
i would much rather see her once or twice and not do anything about it. She is out of my way.
excuse me, my watch says half past five, but it's not.
thanks for the loan.
i haven't danced for a long time and neither has he. They will go to a dance soon. They have been studying for their examinations. They both have been learning Japanese every evening.
The kids have just gone out to the mall to hang out with their friends. Allan bought a shirt at a department store, but the sleeves are too long. He will take it back to the men's department and exchange it for the correct size or get a refund.
come on, you must tell me everything about him. He is tall and handsome, he has big blue eyes and long blonde hair down to his shoulders. He's a creative painter, his paintings sell well and he's quite a patient teacher.
My wife gave birth to their first child today.
Man is getting cold feet and wants to give up his plans to marry Amy.
yesterday was the first of April. It was special for me. I was in the library going over my lessons when one of my roommates came in. He told me that I was wanted on the phone in the dormitory and that someone would call me again several minutes later. I went back to the dorm only to find the other roommates laughing.
You look great today and beautiful.
Jack is excited about starting work. For him, starting college was more exciting than working.
so did you get in touch with your brother. He probably went away overnight.
Mark didn't watch the game last night because he was out. Spain won two to zero.
how were things in the tokyo branch when you were there? They have expanded and are doing better than they were last quarter. There are many executives going back and forth from here to Japan. They may have trouble when they go to open up business here. Japanese people are hospitable.
There was a fire on Byron Street. Mr. anderson's wife is his wife. The patriots won the football game last night in the last minute.
Jack has been exercising. He had a basketball match with class two.
You will have to take a make - up exam in logic.
May I help you with returning a book and a video to the library?
The divorce rate has been on the rise in recent year. I saw " chinese - style divorce" two years ago and it's worth seeing.
Which is your preference, tea or coffee?
If the launch goes well, my stock options will pay off. He doesn't have to worry about the rent.
excuse me, I have forgotten the drinks. I will bring them to you right away. The dish is not fresh.
i have been looking forward to the new semester. There will be a new english teacher this semester.
i am considering going for the new job that was posted yesterday. It might not be the best choice for me, but it would allow me to move up and the benefits are better.
what do you do ? |
how much do you make a month?
i wish she could unsay the sharp words to him.
i don't know . i think you might be over the hill.
The best thing to do in my city is go shopping. There are several indoor and outdoor markets, department stores and shopping malls. There is a small china - town near the city centre and several restaurants with food from all over the world. The public transport system is good. The city has several sports venues for football, rugby, cricket, ice - skating and ice hockey, several theatres and venues for classical music concerts and operas, and several clubs.
Thanksgiving is celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November. People cook turkeys for Thanksgiving dinner.
Liu Wei is at a great party. susan marshall is a college student and works for the bank of china in the international section.
oh , please ! don ' t be so old - fashioned ! it 's totally safe. I made a bid on the buddha.
i think that ’ s settled . _sent_c99_label.
Honey is going to the nail salon to get her nails done. She went last week.
The bucky card is a great way for students to save money. It gives them discounts on movies, pizza, clothing, school supplies and certain club cover charges. It costs 19 dollars a year for a card. Twice every semester the pamphlet will be sent to students.
Sue has sent a letter to the people who sent her a Christmas package. She wants them to tell her that she got a promotion and that she will see them in June.
May I help you with something? I would like to return these books. I dropped the book and the cover tore off. I will have to charge you for the damage. The book cost $ 5.
He is the trash of the world, but the heavenly things he undervalues.
Tom didn't sleep well last night because his roommate, Miao li, has been playing a lot of games on his computer. Tom and Miao Li use e - mail to stay in touch with each other.
what ' s the weather like in your city ? _sent_c99_label in the summer it gets very hot. There are thunderstorms every day in the afternoon. In the winter the temperature is about 15 or 20 degrees. The winters are drier. The river in my city sometimes freezes over. People go ice - skating on it.
i used to think that americans had so much money they didn't know what to do with it, but now I have a more realistic opinion.
i didn’t sleep well last night because he was worried about his mother’s health.
fairly warm this morning. The air is warm and everything looks fresh and green. It's a good day for a walk along the river.
how do you like other films starring Charlie Chaplin and don't like this one.
lots of elderly people want peace and quiet in their old age, but young people want an unconstrained life. My parents want to live separately.
i went to visit a customer in ivs company's office the other day. He liked the design and the decorations.
Linda is going to study in the US. She is worried about cooking for her host family as she has to do some cooking.
so what did you think about the movie ? _sent_c99_label thinks the movie was an excellent piece of work, but not as good as the previous ones. The special effects were amazing. The actors were great, but the character development was weak. He likes the little kid who played manakin skywalker. He hopes for the next episode.
On my birthday, I wandered into over 30 rooms for a joke and met him in one of them. They started chatting about books and music. He sent her bouquets of sharpened pencils.
Clive asked her out to a movie. She forgot about Valentine's Day.
John will meet the new manager at the airport, Charles Brown, in his late thirties.
Tony got caught cheating in school and she failed.
John has been busy studying for his school exams, which will begin next month. He is going to do some shopping.
Helen baker is from New zealand.
Susie is tired. She didn't sleep well last night and didn't go to sleep until late. She went to sleep about 2 o'clock in the morning. They have to keep going and try to reach the top of the mountain by noon.
The sunset is red because of air pollution. The smog from all these cars gets into the air and turns the sunlight red. More people need to take public transportation or carpool.
Jim and Lee are going to the temple fair with their family.
henry doesn't want his wife to do the housework.
Bobby and his wife, evelyn, are going to have a baby on my birthday. They are expecting a boy.
i want to buy one of those snack things from a vending machine. The money goes in the slot over there. It has to be smooth to go in. The machine is unreliable.
Lily will have the leg of lamb for lunch for lunch today.
How may I help you? I couldn't find the book I was looking for. It should have been on the shelf, but it wasn't. Someone took it. We will get another copy for me.
do you have internet in your room and what do you usually do online? I chat online. I will install an online messenger program when I get home.
Steven is reading a book about money management. He doesn't want to be a millionaire.
It's the 17th week now and the final exam is coming soon. There's one more week left before the exam. The final exam begins in a week. The exam is in English.
have you ever been to any other country? If you can afford it, you will take a trip abroad.
you are blue in the face , arn ' t you ? _sent a picture of a cat that has eaten my fish. I will kill it.
you ’re all set now.
let ' s get together this weekend.
It's ten to nine. Tom has to catch the 9:30 train.
are you still at that work, but you would like to change it as it's boring. You are thinking of becoming a driver.
is this seat taken, so I will sit down. He is going to Beijing for a business trip. He went there once last summer. He enjoyed the city but didn't like the subway. He will take the bus or rent a car.
Do you like watching tv usually?
There is a study group forming to prepare for the finals. They will meet on Wednesday evenings at the library from 7 to 8 pm.
Peter's girlfriend broke up with him. His girlfriend is inviting him over. She often makes a pass at boys.
I need to borrow a car.
peter hasn't decided which club he wants to join yet. He is a member of the basketball club.
you ’re all set now.
Jason and Linda will go to the central music hall for a piano solo concert tonight.
i 'm tired of this job.
Jack doesn't like the place but his mother and father like it very much. They come here almost every month.
what shall I call him? He may be called uncle, henry or Henry.
John was on vacation in Malaysia and Thailand. He went bungee jumping. He jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet.
It's a nice spring day. The sky is clear, the sun is shining, there is a cool breeze and it's not too hot. They will have lunch outside. There is a dark cloud over the horizon.
did you go to the movie yesterday and what did you think of it?
There has been talk at school about canceling the concert.
do you have the notes from last week's class? She sent them to him.
excuse me, professor, I think there might be an error in my test score.
There is a new feature film on.
Mary moved again because she couldn't stand the noise in the neighborhood.
what do you think of your teacher? He is strict and strict with his students. He gives good lectures.
what do you want to do tomorrow night? You want to go to the latin club. The new bar is playing techno music on Friday night. You don't know the dance steps, but you can learn them at the new bar.
David and David will have the weekend off. David will go out to visit his aunt at the weekend.
and what ' s your vision ?   20 / 350 and mine's 20 / 20.
a funny thing happened to me the other day. I was walking down nan jing dong lu ( nan - jing e . rd) during my lunch break thinking about a boy I used to hang out with in the third grade. Then my parents moved and I changed schools and I never saw him again. Then a man called my name.
You look tired. Did you sleep well last night?
hi, I have a fever and a bad headache. I will see a doctor.
 murphy music and u - tunes are merging. They will take over the company as of next month.
daniel will have a look at his dorm room. It's a small room with 4 beds and 4 writing desks, but it's spacious and bright. The room is on the 5th floor and there's a view from the balcony. Daniel's roommates are friendly.
i like hitchhiking and wants to go to New England. He doesn't want to go with her.
excuse me, nature calls.
Steven has proposed to Julia five times, but she's not ready for married life yet. He wants to share the rest of his life with her.
Hello kitty is wearing a monkey suit.
what ' s the time ? my watch has stopped. It's five minutes to eleven.
how long will it take to learn English and how does it compare to other studies.
how nice it is here. The weather is sunny and pleasant.
you 're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that.
excuse me, the seat is taken, but there is a seat available for Karren Brown.
i can bet the farm that you will regret about your decision and will find a better one.
Betty's letter of application is too short and she should write about her education first.
i see you have bought the latest copy of beauty and fashion magazine. There is an interview with a top fashion designer about the latest fashions. They tested facial cleaners. According to the jealousy test, you are a jealous type of person.
if i can improve my vertical jump a few more inches, beach volleyball might be my ticket. It's a beautiful sport.
Will it be all right for him to visit you this evening.
how is night life in Beijing and what are the best places to go for a dance in a nightclub nearby.
Just remember the main thing right now is to make sure stars. com is happy.
What do you need to check out a book? You will need a library card.
i can’t believe my english teacher is making me read pride and prejudice. It’s one of my favorite novels. The main storyline is about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls. He hopes that one of the girls will marry a wealthy man, so that all of his daughters will get his inheritance. Once he dies, his house will go to his cousin. The girls will have nothing.
what is the matter with him. He is cold to me.
There are many idioms in english. The expression " goodbye" is an example.
Mr. Black is the new secretary. Miss White is half an hour late. Mr. Black will show her the desk, the time card and the extension number for the phone. She will keep the desk neat.
oh ! i just want to drop in on him for a chat.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do and go to work by car, bus or foot.
The department still has some money left in the budget. They will organize a party in the office on Friday afternoon.
Frida doesn't understand why they have to take the subway in San Francisco. She would rather take a tram or a double - decker.
The company is going to replace the old computers with the latest ones. They will all get a docking station on their own desk.
Mary has something to tell her but she doesn't want to tell it.
i would like to talk to you about her grades. She is worried that she messed up on a test. She thinks she is doing great, except for that one test.
Sandra is blue chipper and doesn't realize that she has married a fool for women.
Gav slept well last night. He has to drive to school for a meeting this morning. He will get stuck in rush - hour traffic. A school called him to teach a few classes this weekend. He is supposed to work on a paper that is due on Monday.
An englishman, a scotsman, an irishman and an Irishman are going on a trip across the desert. They met up at the start of the journey and showed each other their equipment. The englishman brought some water, the Scotsman a map and a map. The irish man brought a car door.
have you ever run into a person who tries to bleed you white. Some guys splash their money on such girls.
Sam doesn't want to go to foc - concert. Sam likes traveling, swimming, going to the cinema, painting, sailing, watching football and talking to Sam.
Beijing opera is boring. young people enjoy pop songs.
The first year of their marriage was difficult. They had a lot of conflicts. Now they have a two - year - old boy. He is half Chinese and half American. He speaks mostly Chinese and a few English.
congratulations ! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter. The training course will cover the new law and regulation issued last month. There will be a seminar on these issues at the beginning of the training course.
Tom and Tom haven't seen each other since last summer. Tom got his degree two weeks ago. He will come to the party.
The wedding ceremony will begin at 9 o'clock on September 9th. After the ceremony, there will be a reception.
Francis has a lot of yogurt in his cart. He wants Mike to go ahead of him as he is in a hurry.
does your country export a lot of natural resources ?   They export some coal to Europe, copper to North America, and to China. They import a little oil from Venezuela, iron and aluminium from neighbouring countries. They recently discovered deposits of precious stone, but only small deposits have been found. The engineers in my country are focusing on drilling for oil. The government is keen to exploit their natural resources to get money to improve their country.
It's been a long time since I went to see a movie.
mandy will come for dinner to the new five spices restaurant in chaoyang tonight.
bob is really disturbed these days. They need to have a heart - to - heart talk with him.
Mary was pleased with the photography and acting in the movie she saw last night.
what 's the matter with you then ? you look miserable. You always say you're busy. You go back to live with your parents and leave your son in the room by himself. You miss your parents.
everybody sends a toast to Mary johnson, teacher of the year.
he thought he could take jimmy in but Jimmy took him in instead.
do you have any plans for tomorrow night? dupree and I are going to see "Hot Fuzz" at 8 pm at the Phoenix theatres. Anne hathaway is in a new movie called "Becoming Jane".
Joe is living on his parents since he has graduated from college.
Ray and joann are going to play mah tiang at joann's on Saturday night.
There is a new teacher. Her hair is blond and her eyes are dark gray. She is average.
what 's the matter with you ? you look upset and tired. Your father failed in business. Your family is going through a difficult time. You have a part - time job and can help your family.
Your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian. She has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship.
Charles is going to visit his uncle in Brisbane for three weeks. He will go by air as it takes over two weeks to go by sea. He once went to Singapore by air. One of the engines caught fire and he had to return to the airport.
i heard you are going out with John. She loves him. He is a caring and patient boy.
Trusten tools is going out of business and will be taken over by trusten. They will merge with their largest competitor. The new owners will start alignment meetings next week.
Jim is going to see the ballet swan lake by the famous Russian national ballet troupe this evening at Beijing grand theater. He has to write a term paper for the class.
Is your father in the habit of having naps? All of his children have naps.
Louise is happy to see her again.
what do you think of this suit? I think you look great, but you are a little over dressed for dinner. We are going to the ritz. I will change into street clothes.
My younger brother is interested in finance because he thought he would be able to inherit the family fortune.
Peter retired. He's almost sixty.
Gretchen and Philip are cousins. They are going to eat dinner together.
i plan to buy a car this year. I'm going to work in holidays and pay by installments.
It's very dark in the room. The baby has fallen sleep.
london is such a historic city. Many historic figures are buried there and there are many monuments to them. There is a statue of boadicea on the banks of the Thames. queen elizabeth built a navy strong enough to fight off the Spanish armada in 1588. Margaret Thatcher transformed British politics. Madame Tussaud's Waxworks Museum is the waxworks museum.
where is my contract?
Jean married a business tycoon, but she doesn't really love him.
There is a concert in the Capital Theatre this Sunday. He has two tickets.
Anlesen and David got engaged last weekend. They are getting married next June.
ted is scared by dogs. He shakes in his shoes whenever he sees one.
i think the government needs a radical plan to improve the economy. Income taxes were decreased last year in hope to give the economy a boost, but the immediate effect of the reduction was to cause inflation.
you have a nice apartment. My wife would be happy to hear this.
The mexican government declared a default on the loans it got from the world bank yesterday. Because of that, the currency value of the peso went down. It's now worth about half as much as it did when we got here.
Dad is starting to learn English easily.
i spend all her time looking after her baby and is tired.
i ’m itching for moving.
i understand your feeling. When someone is feeling at loose ends, we show mercy on him.
i want to visit grandma for Chinese New Year. grandma makes the best dumplings in the world. dad will buy firecrackers for him.
Tom forgot to put on his sports shoes. He has them in his bag. He will put them on.
Hubert has a brilliant smile and is easy - going.
A Chinese girl has broken the world record in the five thousand meters race in the Olympic games.
what ' s the matter ? you don't look well and she's worried about her exam.
what do you think of the way people use and treat animals. Most people treat their pets well, but they are often cruel to animals. People should stop eating animals, but some people would still hunt them. zoos are a good idea, because they allow people to get close to wild animals. I love going to the zoo, but I don't like experiments with animals.
It has been said that you will go abroad to pursue your graduate studies. My field is electronic engineering. I will apply to Harvard, Yale, Michigan, Michigan and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
how ' s it going ? |
Jack and Jack have known each other since they were toddlers. Jack is sincere, trustworthy and trustworthy, but he can be conniving at times. Jack and Jack go way back.
are you free this Saturday evening and would you like to go to the concert with me at 7:30 p.m. at our club.
can I help you find the books you want to borrow. You must return them within a month.
You look tired. Your boss gave you a big project and you had to have it finished by this morning.
Korea is a beautiful country. Jizhou island is the best part of the visit. The traffic in Korea is bad sometimes.
How should I dress for the party?
i love her, but he wants to be alone.
There are no eagles in the area.
i haven't met the smiths for a long time because they have moved to Chicago.
There were six people camping at the coast last Saturday. They had a good time around the fire singing and dancing.
thanks for the advice , mr . macmillan. She will keep it in mind. She is meeting her husband for dinner. She sends him a message.
tomorrow I will take you to the folk antique handicrafts and collectibles exhibition halls. There are over 200 folk collections in this city. There is one exhibition half for multiple collection, one display room for private collectors, and several individual display rooms.
The show is starting in a few minutes. They will find their seats in row 11 in the stalls.
Mr. Zhang and other friends are going to help Mr. Zhang board the plane. They are sorry that they didn't do much to help him when he stayed in China.
The lake is polluted, but it's cleaner than it was a few years ago.
isn ’t this great ? i always wanted to own a farm and live out in the country, grow my own food. She doesn’t know a thing about farming.
Mr. Parry used to play football and athletics when he was at university. He was also a long - distance runner. He hasn't had time to play sports since he got married. The company likes people who join the company sports teams.
hey, that's a really nice outfit you have on. It was on sale at the department store a couple of days ago. You should go there too.
The girl has a lot of homework and she's studying all day.
could you just hold this for me for a moment.
sometimes I think television is too biased. The internet is worse because there is no one moderating it.
i went to the doctor yesterday. He told me to stay in bed for ten days.
how nice it is here. The sun is shining and there is a pleasant breeze.
There was a team buying session this morning. A lot of the games were silly but everyone had a good time.
beautiful weather, isn’t it? _sent_c99_label is on a vacation to see the famous three gorges. He is also going there for a tour. It is his first trip to China. He will show her around.
Tiffany is interested in finding a partner on the internet. There are special matchmaker sites for people looking to date within their specific ethnic group and age group. Of the 1.5 million people who have joined ecrush.com since their debut in 1999, only 300000 have matched.
Isabelle is looking for jazz students to teach at her school.
I think your speech was excellent.
smith is always careless because of his Achilles heel.
There is a national step - dancing competition every year. There is a stereotype that black people are great dancers.
Jane is ending her relationship with him because she doesn't want a girlfriend who goes out with other guys all the time.
The bonus at my company is about the equivalent of six months' salary. My bank account is overdrawn and the company is threatening to take back my purchases. I bought a home health monitor.
 ann spent a lot of time in Australia recently. She was an international student studying at the university of Sydney. She lived there for almost a year. She went up the east coast, to frasier island, up to Frasier Island, climbed cliffs, went through a rain forest and went camping. She also went diving for the first time. She almost lost her finger on a clam.
Tom did me a lot of favors.
i have just had my new paper published. I have been accepted by Oxford university for a PhD in psychology.
It's Kate's birthday. She doesn't usually open presents until the guests leave.
Avril Lavigen was in a concert yesterday. He worked as a temporary staff in her concert. He saw her in person and liked her. He didn't take a photo with her.
Jenny invited him to her party. He will go home now.
i was wondering how you are going to calculate the final grades. homework, attendance, quizzes, and quizzes are worth sixty percent of the grade, mid - term and final are worth twenty percent each, and unexcused absence is allowed.
okay, show me your card hand. You have three kings and a pair of aces. It's not as much fun as the music concert they just saw, but it was exciting.
Sarah's grandmother passed away a couple of days ago. She didn't go to the funeral. Sarah's grandmother died in her sleep.
It will do you good to go out for entertainment at the weekend. You like interesting and significant movies. You will go downtown for a movie on Friday evening.
let ' s go eat.
i can't seem to progress up the career ladder no matter how hard he tries. He has been working at the company for 2 years. He wants to get an MBA, but his degree wasn't in business. The business schools measure your ability through a test called gmat.
Kate's term papers are due two weeks later, but she hasn't started them yet. She was busy with her part - time job the last few days. She's thinking of getting a part-time job next year.
This is the good life. Sally and I got married after a car accident ten years ago.
Would you like to go to the cinema tonight to see a war movie?
There is no performance at the national theater this weekend, so bob and bob will go to the cinema to see Gone with the wind at six cinemas on Saturday night. The nearest one is the royal, which is at 7:30 pm. The later show is at 9: 30 pm.
her ex - boyfriend was terrible, but her new one is even worse.
The man behind your mother must be your elder brother.
well , i ' ve got to go.
what did you say ? |
who ' s your favorite singer ?
Ann sent a pen and paper to ann.
are you ready to go to the party? She doesn't know what to wear to the formal party. She will dress formal.
what ' s the matter with you, then ? you look miserable. It's us. We used to talk to each other before they were married. They used to do so much together. They never argued.
i think it is time to study for the chemistry exam, which is on December 1st.
are you new to college and why did you leave pcc.
i don ' t know what to do now.
Kate was too excited to go to sleep last night, because she was talking about her new boyfriend, which is true.
Tom is going to propose to her. Her parents want her to marry a Chinese man. She used to have the same problem when she was dating her ex-boyfriend.
i don't know how to adjust my life. I drink a lot of wine and don't sleep well every night.
Tom has a new assistant, but joe didn't like her.
There is a $ 500 penalty for littering. It's a public place.
what are you doing this weekend ?
If you are in Chicago and want to visit me, I would like to see you.
how do you feel about wearing name logos or slogans on your clothing? I don't. I usually buy name - brand clothing, shoes and electronic goods. I can't stand it when big companies advertise their products all over the place. I have a brand preference for shower items like shower gel and shampoo, but not for higher - end items.
did you see the fashion awards last night? I sat through half of it, but I didn't like some of the designs. Fashion is cyclical. flares were popular for a while, then went out of fashion, but now they're coming back.
our national economy is increasing hand over fist.
Betty was in hospital last week with cancer.
do you have any plan on your mind for the trip to suzhou? She wants to see all places of renown in suzhou.
maybe we all will be all things to all men. She doesn't want to go into the world because she feels afraid of it.
The theater guild is supposed to call me and discuss a contract for my play this evening. He is late because his phone is disconnected. He will call the phone company and have them check his line. He and Ann will wait at ann's house to talk with the theater guild.
Would you like to go to a concert tonight at the new concert hall with Powell orchestra.
i am unsure how to add a class and need help. She has an add sheet. After signing it, she will take it to the admissions and records office to add the class.
Jim's birthday is this Friday. Jim's wife will come to the surprise party for him.
in spring, people are feeling refreshed. They take off their heavy winter clothes and walk with a straight back and light steps. They are full of spirits and energy. In summer, people want to stay in the open air for long. In autumn, the weather is hot and the leaves turn darkgreen. In winter, people take a rest. For farmers, it's a relaxing season.
Sarah came out of a meeting that didn't go very well. The meeting was about streamlining the office's workflow to make it more efficient. bob was chairing the meeting. He kept interrupting everyone with his own suggestions. He expected everyone to agree with him.
Let's go to the cinema tonight to see ' farewell my concubine'. My brother has offered me two tickets. The movie starts at 8:30.
i would like to run a farm. My uncle owns a farm and I have spent time working with him.
The experiment is to start at 3. The air compressor in the lab doesn't work.
Paul and Susan are engaged. They will be married soon.
oh man ! I have been starving myself for days now and I haven't lost an ounce. My friend is getting married next month and I'm supposed to be a bridesmaid. I have to fit into her dress and look nice for her wedding.
Elvis Presley is singing a beautiful song now.
How are you? I haven't seen you for several days. I have been helping my uncle for a week. He is an accountant.
Diane and Diane went for a drive in the country on Saturday. They drove to the lake and had a picnic. Kate worked on her car.
i ’ d better be going, but it’s too late to stay longer.
Tomorrow she will bring back the software that she lent to him.
Jim is in favour of computers because he thinks they teach kids to think. Well , known and Jim don't agree with that.
All right, but she doesn't like black shoes.
Mike is going to gamble on the world cup tonight. He will bet on France.
Mark rancor is a fashion designer. He was John's dinner partner last month. He used to work for 3m but now he works for microsoft. Next month he has a fashion show. He will bring a friend.
doctor butcher is a horrible name for a series.
what ’ s “ pi ” ? _sent_c99_label that is the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter. The diameter of the circle is 10 centimeters and the circumference is 31.4 centimeters. The exchange rate is 1.85 pounds to the pound. 10,000 pounds will buy 18,500 dollars.
How is your new car? It's perfect.
Lin is going to pay for the meal he had with Steven in Beijing next time he's in the city.
Frank and Mary haven't seen each other for a long time. Frank has a new hobby of collecting stamps. He is meeting with other collectors.
i am in hot water now because all the things have been blown up.
what a beautiful view , my sweetheart !   it sure is . the grand canyon is truly masterpiece . no man could ever make anything like this. The river below is Colorado river. You can go down the river in a boat, but it's too dangerous for me. There is a beautiful state park here and people come out to camp.
The neighbour's tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death.
David is not in the mood. After six months of college, his college life will come to an end and he will have to find a job.
what ' s the matter ? you don't look well and she's worried about her exam.
what ' s wrong , frank ?
Jenny looks terrible. She didn't study for the test. She's thinking of dropping out.
She is pretty and meek, but not both.
 miss yang is dating the manager, who is married.
David is depressed because his girlfriend told him his girlfriend was speaking ill of him. David's girlfriend means a lot to him.
Betty's letter of application is too short and she should write about her education first.
well, everything is packed and ready to go. The past two weeks were amazing. The people were friendly and the food was delicious. The restaurant at the corner of the street was the best. The plane takes off in two hours.
do you live with your parents in Shanghai? No, they live in Shanghai.
did you watch the live telecast of the world cup last night? I missed it, because I was watching a live concert.
There is a birthday cake and a birthday wish on it.
lisa has done a lot of business for her company and wants to go into business for herself. She might sell up her company.
what are the seasons like in your city ?   summers are hot and last a long time, winters are cold, wet, and windy. In summer, thunderstorms make the air fresh, but apart from that, summers are dry. In winter, it sometimes gets cold, windy, and wet. In spring, flowers bloom and trees grow leaves again. In autumn, it's usually windy with some rain, but usually sunny. You don't go on a summer holiday.
i have some good news for you. You will go to Shanghai for a business trip this weekend. Everything will be paid for and you will be in first - class on the train. The first meeting is at 9:00 tomorrow morning. You'll be staying in the same hotel as the meetings.
what ? how could you forget to reserve the concert tickets for the performance?
Jim doesn't want to go for a few beers after dinner. He and Jim will go to the gym to play singsong and meet some of their friends. They will ask them to go dancing with them.
Markweed inc has called me back for an interview. They have an excellent benefits package for all employees, even the maintenance staff have health and dental coverage. The company has a reputation for being one of the best employers in the field. The wages are reasonable. They attacked some high profile employees with their incentives.
Many people died in the earthquake in Wenchman, but no one died in typhoon.
do I have to take the books here to renew them if I want to renewed them?
i always feel i ’ m left high and dry with nobody to rely on.
Tony, John and John played football yesterday. They all went swimming. They won't go swimming again this afternoon, because they are going to help Mr. Smith plant some flowers.
Malia has lived here for about four years. She will get some lemonade, iced tea and mango juice.
is there a lot of oil and coal in your country? There are some, but my country is not amongst the leading producers. There are a few gold mines in my country, but they are very small. The gold was found in mountain steams. The government policy is to conserve the forests.
don ' t you have too much to do with him because his father is a prisoner.
_sent_c99_label an offer to work for a company in his city today. He hasn't accepted the position yet, but he will visit the city and take a look at the company before deciding. They will meet in real life.
You should stop smoking. Your father smoked two packs of cigarettes a day for forty years.
why are you rude to your wife. She's a chatter box.
Nandu's name is nandu and his name is like n - a - n - j - u.
be quiet , will you?
i have to miss school next week. It will be the last class he misses.
There will be a party in my company. The general director will give a speech and most of the staff will take part in it. I will wear a formal suit with a nice tie and brown leather shoes.
The boss is the nicest and most relaxing person in the management. He also said that I was the hardest working person in his office.
Pollution has been making more and more water unable for drinking. indirect contaminant sources include contaminants that enter the water supply from soils or groundwater systems and from the atmosphere.
i 'm tired of dancing, but to me it's enjoyable.
i have to work late at night and in the office. I can't afford to quit my job until I get a new one.
i just dropped in to say good - bye. She will try to leave by ten.
David established a travelling forum. He and a dozen other members are going to visit West Lake.
my mom is three years older than my dad and they are like night and day. My mom is 5 foot 2 inches tall and she is very nice. My father is about 5 foot 4 inches tall. They are going to meet for Christmas in January or February.
we have to pick up conrad before the party. They are supposed to meet him at cal ' s bar at 10. The bar is a gay bar. conrad is gay. Conrad will meet them there. If he is there, they will leave for the party, if he's not, they'll have a drink.
are these your triplets beautiful. They are identical of you and john. They were born at the same time.
Grace will bring cups and serviettes for the big family barbecue tomorrow.
how is rose doing now?
It's a fine day today after the downpour. It looks as if it's going to rain tomorrow.
Mrs. smith is looking for some books for her eighty - seven-year-old mother. She likes detective stories.
do I have to write the invitation cards?
China has a single - child policy. In my family there are just me, my husband, my daughter and one son. In yours, there are two sons and one daughter. They live with my brother now. My parents live by themselves now. They will probably go to a retirement home. I have two older brothers and one younger sister. I grew up in a big family. My husband and I have been married for about seven years. I don't want to get divorced.
i hear that you are going to participate in the dinner party tonight.
i was just watching a documentary on tv about people use dogs for various purpose. dogs have been used as guards for centuries. Now they are used by police and customs officers to find illegal drugs and bombs. They are also used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow. Horses are useful to people too, as they can be used for sports and recreation.
There is a girl in his company that he really likes. He wants to ask her out for a drink after work, but he gets shy when she is around.
It's too hot to read. It's time to go for a walk. Summer is the season that she dislikes the most.
where did he go yesterday? He went to Croydon for an interview for a job.
John hasn't got married up to now, because he has been carrying a torch for Mary for years.
Mom doesn't want to move in with Andrea and Andrea's because she doesn't like living alone.
Lily broke up with Tom last week. They had been together for seven years.
do you like singing and would like to go to a TV show tonight.
you 're being childish, but your nose will heal.
Many parents are forcing their children to learn something they think important to them, but their children are not interested in it.
Helen will have a party next Sunday at home at home. John will come.
don ' t you think we should leave for the concert in about 25 minutes.
this is my admission card and these are the books. I'm renewing the borrowing for sense and sensibility and paying 3 yuan for the english version. The biography is over the deadline.
It's been a long time since Mary and Mary have seen each other.
There are 6 people coming for the dinner tonight. paul and marcia cancelled at the last moment.
do you mind if I come over to use your computer tonight, but I have to type my paper.
It's snowing heavily. It's a good idea to take a walk and look for plum blossoms.
i hate working on Christmas Eve. He has a few christmas gifts in the back of his car. He doesn't have an invoice for them.
Kylie is going to Tainan to visit her uncle.
what would you reckon the taxing increases will do for the state?
Your father has been out of work for a couple of days. He has a bad cold.
can you help me buy my textbooks in the bookstore? There will probably be a book list there. If you give your used textbooks to the person at the booth outside the door, he will reimburse you. He will be there at 1 today.
John bought a new Ford for $14, 500. He and John are going to go for a ride.
The weather has been good so far this weekend, so I will hire a bike on Sunday to do some cycling.
The teacher made us read this book.
Brown is in hospital again. He's never been healthy.
Someone has told me behind closed door that he is very hot and tempered.
do you like playing tennis?
how old are you and your birthday is on April 14th, but it's on May 1st for me.
Professor Donald is giving his advanced geology course again next semester. He will let a junior enroll in it.
John and Mary are going to meet for a pizza next week.
How would you like to go on a bungee jump this weekend. You can start on Sunday morning.
i must apologize for having delayed the work, but it's not your fault.
My weight has gone up again. She doesn't want to go on a diet.
Larry had a get - together with friends from college. He hasn't seen many of them since graduation. He hung out with jo all day shopping. They went out for dinner together. They argue a lot, but they get along well.
Sally had a bad day yesterday because she lost her bag at the library.
Li is having dinner with friends tonight and can't go for a drink with him. He has no plans for tomorrow.
do you like a package tour or to travel alone?
here , let me get the door for you, thanks.
Sam will lose money if he doesn't sell his shares now.
There was a long line at the housing office and it took me an hour to make my dormitory deposit for next year. He is not sure if he's going to make his deposit yet. He's thinking about living off campus next September.
what a wonderful party. I had a good time at the party and I enjoyed myself. He will give me a ride back home.
hello , my name is xu hua from Beijing and I'm an American. I'm in Paula.
Mel gibson was arrested by the police last week on suspicion of driving under influence.
you have met her before, haven't you?
excuse me, sir, but it's almost eleven twenty and it's raining heavily. I was in a hurry and forgot my umbrella, so I will share my umbrella with him. He's going to the garden hotel.
This Friday at 6:00 pm, he will come over for dinner with his friends.
Jack will water the flowers. It's going to rain soon, so he won't have to work.
can you speak english well? Yes.
what is the difference between football and rugby? In football a team has 11 players and in rugby there are 15 players. In football the goalkeeper can only use his hands. In rugby the ball is usually carried forward by players, though kicking is permitted. A team can also score points by kicking the ball between two tall posts. There is a lot more physical contact in rugby.
A new french restaurant has just opened in Maggie's neighborhood. They will go there for dinner. They won't book a table in advance.
how do you like other films starring Charlie Chaplin and don't like this one.
Alice sued her former boss for sexual harassment. He was her lover and wanted to leave her, so she got revenge. He called her dangerous.
what is the movie you saw last night and how do you like it? It's a new film, ' transformer'. You were disappointed with it, but the box office rose up to 15 million in the first week. Your sister has given you two tickets for tonight's movie, ' the life of rose'.
Peter wants to know how Peter is.
i cannot ignore her suggestion. It takes two to make a happy marriage.
Susan Taylor is trying to decorate her house. She is going to get a special pendent lamp.
do you like music and the words of the song?
Wen came to D.C. for a party tonight. There are a lot of black people there.
how could you handle living in such a big family ? does everyone get along? My grandpa is the head of the family and he has the final word about almost everything. My parents, uncles and aunts try to arrive at a consensus on important questions. My family setup is a bit different in New York city. There are only three people in the family, my mother, my stepfather and me. During the summertime, I fly out to California and live with my dad.
Kate didn't see Peter last night. Peter didn't play network games the whole night.
i'm going to have some people over for dinner on Saturday night. I'll be busy tomorrow evening.
ma is grateful for the help she was able to help.
You are acting weird tonight. You are in the mood to act goofy.
Mary is tapping her pen on her desk and shouting into her phone all the time at work.
what do you think about all the different diets people go on ? _sent_c99_label dieting is not good for you. It's better to eat a balanced diet and to never get overweight to begin with. For people who are obese, they need to eat healthy foods and increase the amount of exercise. They don't have to cut out fattening foods altogether, though.
Bill has received the admission letter from Cambridge university.
John is not married and he doesn't plan to get married.
Bob's feet are smelly in the cafe.
Sara wants to go bowling tonight and see a movie tomorrow. Sara is not sure if she will be able to go camping for the weekend.
She is a player who never hides how she is feeling.
good afternoon , johnson .
Ayden will come over to his place at 6 pm to have dinner with him tonight.
you don't have to play that record so loud, so I'm sorry.
i 'm going to the gym to exercise. He will go with his friend. He was on the swimming team in high school. He wants to start today with a little weight training and then buy a new swimming suit and goggles. Every other day he is going to go swimming laps in the pool.
The boss is mad at you and he's mad at the boss.
bob is looking forward to going to America.
i have never seen so many flavors of ice cream in one place. Vanilla with toppings is my favourite. I don't like ice cream with too many different flavors.
Ben is forming his own band, probably a rock and roll band. He is a good guitarist. If you can play a musical instrument, he might ask you to join the band.
Janet check is a great actress. Frank thinks she is prettier than Kate.
i'm going to America. I hope to leave before the end of the month.
Cindy and Ron have two children, one son and one daughter, as well as one daughter - in - law and one son - in- law. They have three grandchildren, one girl and two boys. Cindy's daughters get along well with her in - laws.
what do you think of doctor thompson's ability to cure my daughter's disease.
Kim lives in an apartment downtown, but there is a lot of traffic. She has a house in the suburbs. There is no crime there.
i must go now. My family is expecting me home soon.
Jerry is fine. He doesn't have anything for lunch.
it ' s awfully hot.
It seems to be a glorious day today.
i don't think i'm getting better.
The last time I went on a business trip with the boss, I didn't even have enough to eat. I spent half of the weekend on a train. The company is cheap with travel expenses. The boss will ask the boss about giving me a day off.
Wang min will book two tickets for the film 'Jane Eyre' for tomorrow evening. His telephone number is 13811658.
i really like the book you lent me the other day. Everyone in the class enjoyed it too. I will keep it for another three days.
i ' ve got to go home and study.
how did you first meet ? My roommate invited both of you to dinner. It was love at first sight.
what is the correct time for the lecture and when will it begin?
Kathleen doesn't love Kathleen, but she loves him.
Mary will help her mother set the table.
excuse me, I need to borrow some wreckers.
Mel gibson and Julia Roberts are going to the cinema this evening to see the new blockbuster starring mel gibson. The movie starts at 8 o'clock.
do you have the five dollars I lent you yesterday? He will bring the money home quickly.
Mr. Green likes collecting stamps and playing basketball. He's not very good at basketball.
are you satisfied with the dishes? The lamb stew, the fish and the fish are fresh and flavoury, the lamb stew is incredible, and so is the fish. Chinese food is one of his favorites. He will take her to a new restaurant next time.
Michelle just got back from Spain. It was her first time in Spain.
that looks like an interesting book. It has pictures of interesting building from all over the world, with brief descriptions of how they were build, their purpose, and so on. There are the pymeids, pentagons, cylindrical office buildings, and the world’s largest sports stadium.
yes , sir ? |
are the galaxies in the universe moving through space? The galaxies sit passively in the space around them. As the space between galaxies expands, it carries the galaxies further apart. On average, galaxies in one chunk of space are moving away from the other.
isn’t he the best instructor, because he’s so hot and he has a great sense of humour. She had a blast at the class. She will come back again with him.
i like the design of the coat but not the color.
do you have any hobbies? She likes gardening. She has a garden. She takes care of it everyday.
The golden watch has been stolen by the man in black.
Miss wants to know how to use the library as she's a new student.
do you have much experience with kids? I have three sons, a grandson and a baby. I regret having a baby so early because my husband insisted on keeping the baby. My husband seldom stayed at home, so I had to take care of the children most of the time. My mother helped a little, but she could only baby - sit once or twice a week.
Daniel had a fantastic history class today. He learnt the story of Zheg he sailing to the west ocean and arrived at the east coast of Africa. He hasn't finished reading the book Robinson Crusoe yet. He will read it after supper. pirates of the caribbean is on.
Most of Elizabeth's customers are foreigners. She speaks two foreign languages, french and spanish. Her written spanish is not very good.
This historian is famous in the field of tang dynasty. He always sits above the salt when there is a seminar about it.
He has a lot of hobbies and he has won a dozen prizes for his pictures and roses. He has a business in the city, but he lets his cousins look after his business.
Mike was absent yesterday. He got a certificate for sick - leave. He has already got the reading material.
"We have to leave now.
There was a famous don killed in a historic coffeehouse.
How is everything going with your girlfriend? It's over. They were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for their one year anniversary, but she stood him up. He found out why she didn't show up later when he saw her drinking with another man at a club near his home. She didn't answer the phone.
how do you usually spend your leisure time and what are your special interests out of your job. Almost everyone has a hobby. For me, it's photography.
have we handed out all the water. The teacher said the only thing left was to get back all the disposable cups.
i would like to reserve two orchestra seats for tomorrow night.
let's do something different today. I want you to give me a short haircut.
We can go to the cinema or stay at home watching tv.
i am thinking about resigning from her current job. She has given her resignation letter to her boss last Friday. She will move on to a new company.
Francis has a lot of yogurt in his cart. He wants Mike to go ahead of him as he is in a hurry.
There are a lot of people watching a program about islam. They are muslims on a pilgrimage to Mecca, the spiritual centre of the muslim faith. Many people go on the haj each year, but there are many accidents. There is a place in France called Lourdes where people go to get healed.
why do you want to go to the U.S. for a management course and how long do you expect to stay there. Before working in the office, he was a teacher. His English is good enough for the course.
Taylor's obituary has been published. femi took time off from work to attend the viewing at Myers funeral home today until five.
dear anna, will you marry me.
balista wants to have a ristretto.
The spring festival is drawing close. On New Year's Eve, the family has a big dinner called ' family reunion dinner'. After that, the children go outside to play firecrackers and fireworks. At 24 hours midnight, parents and grandparents exchange happy new year wishes and take out small packages wrapped with red paper with lucky money.
we are going to the movies and want to have lunch with them, but I have to help John with his math problems right now.
bob refused all his classmates' invitation.
It's freezing outside. It's raining heavily. They will go to the supermarket, but they will wait for the weather to clear up before they go shopping.
at the Beijing olympics, all four table tennis finals were won by chinese players. It was a clean sweep again. There is a mechanism for selecting players from provincial teams for the national team. They are subject to hard training and are not allowed to talk about their personal lives.
i can’t believe my english teacher is making me read pride and prejudice. It’s one of my favorite novels. The main storyline is about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls. He hopes that one of the girls will marry a wealthy man, so that all of his daughters will get his inheritance. Once he dies, his house will go to his cousin. The girls will have nothing.
Jason is leaving for Berkeley in two weeks. He will start looking for an apartment soon. He and Jenny will meet on Saturday at 7 o'clock for dinner.
when do you want to have the open house party? Next Friday. The clown will entertain the kids.
dad is scared because it's stormy outside.
The spring festival is near. Fire crackers are set off in festival to welcome the new year and frighten away evil spirits.
Mary is a professional climber.
Mary has been sick for two weeks and she can't catch up with her class.
Sue and Ray are going to Shanghai to stay with Riley and Jessica in June.
Jack thinks the campaign for the election is a blockbuster. He thinks Mr. White will be elected.
May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in- law.
The appointment is at 8:30 pm.
Taylor has stomach cancer. He didn't show up at the potluck.
Kate and Don haven't seen each other for almost three months. Kate is on a diet and she's lost twelve pounds. She's taking an amateur dance class after work.
Joe's restaurant is a good place to eat.
It's Jack's birthday. He came to celebrate it.
Sam can't find a job and the family is struggling.
i can't find the book you lent me. He will buy a new one.
what is your favorite magazine? The Reader's Digest is my favorite. It's instructive and inspiring. It is a weekly magazine. It enjoys popularity among the young generation.
Mark has been overseas and hasn't heard from Mark in ages. Mark and Mark are going to go fishing on the weekend.
thanks for inviting me to your friend’s wedding. I was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony. Many couples today write their own wedding vows. They threw rice as they got into their car, but it was birdseed. There is a lot of food, drink, music and dancing at the reception. The bride is throwing her bouquet.
The office is doing ' secret santa' at the office again this year. Jacob is the name of the Santa.
Monica had a perfect plan for this afternoon, but it was ruined by the sand storm. Lucy and Monica don't want to go outside anymore. The sand storm happens more frequently these days. The government is working on it.
John has been out of town and hasn't seen John for ages.
bob refused all his classmates' invitations.
Paul has had a terrible day at work and is thinking of quitting his job.
i give up on learning french.
would you like to go to a party tonight at 7:00 pm.
Jack went to munich last week. Christina is from Italy, but she lives in Germany. Jack is from California, but he is now studying in England. This year he is studying German and Italian.
Bob is reading a biography about Bob Dylan, a famous American musician. He will give it to Charlie in class on Friday.
whip me if i get below 80 marks out of 100 if I get less than 80%.
where are you planning on transferring to and what school do you want to go.
The manager tried to talk about the chinese poesy with me during the interview.
Mary went on a date with John. He is tall and slim, fair - haired, smart, and has a great sense of humor. They will see each other again.
Someone else has caused the fire in the house.
D dick will get some coffee for tonight.
Leon had a wonderful time at his place.
David is depressed because his girlfriend told him his girlfriend was speaking ill of him. David's girlfriend means a lot to him.
which university did you graduate from? i graduated from songhua university.
Noirin is a friend of Janet.
would you like a cigarette? _sent_c99_label doesn't want to give up smoking.
Mr. Johnson is lazy and not a good worker.
What can be done to stop smoking? Painting a warning on each cigarette packet might help.
It's your birthday. Here is a birthday present for you.
how did you spend the weekend? I went to a movie with my boyfriend. It was a great movie. The director has a good chance at winning the Oscar for best director. The cinematography is great. The soundtrack is moving. The ending is a bit of a surprise.
Will not go to the theatre with him tonight. He will go tomorrow.
my goodness ! you got a good pay and a good job, but you can't show your abilities.
All of my friends are going out to the lake tonight.
Jason got a promotion and a promotion at work. He got a bigger office, a raise and an assistant. His new boss is nice and open - minded. He will come over to anna's house tonight at 8 to get drunk.
shall we go to a movie tonight.
i never understand why these shops have so much liquor. It's because it's cheaper to buy liquor duty - free. In most countries liquor has a higher tax than other things.
what do you plan to do on Sunday morning? He wants to go to English corner.
why are you walking to and fro in the room while the children are out without you.
Mary will have to ask her host mom. Mary will give her Mary's phone number.
they must be your parents. They are professor and manager. They often take you out.
i went to the doctor yesterday. He told me to stay in bed for ten days.
have a nice weekend . |
It's clearing up and it's a nice change.
There is a new play 'Romeo and Juliet' about their great love tonight. They will go to the theater and buy two tickets now.
wow ! what happened to you ? you look sad. I lost my job.
Your father looks much younger in the picture. He was 20 years old then and he is now.
Nancy has just started working at ibm in the sale department. Simon is the after sale survise director. He has been working at Ibm for years.
John registered for classes this Friday. He wants to take the communication class, but it was full by the time he registered. He still needs to take english 201, but he doesn't like writing. He got a 3.8 in english 101 last year.
mr. smith's endless talking about stocks is boring to him.
Jianshan is a friend of david smith and is looking for a place to live. He will come to see Mr. Green at his office.
like to come over to their fancy dress party but she has a class tomorrow.
what are your plans for today ?  nothing special. Would you like to have dinner with me at King hotel at 7 pm.
could you do me a favour? I don't understand this french document.
school has added several new courses to the grade this semester. Daniel's favourite course is science.
Susan has been looking for a job for days. She got a job as a waiter in a restaurant. She will see the boss tomorrow. He promised to give her the job.
Tim had a job interview, but he didn't get the job.
Kith and Alice will come around about 7 o'clock this evening.
Tom married Julia last month. He got married too soon.
what did you learn at the workshop you went to yesterday and do you think it was worth the investment to go? The workshop was about resolving personal problems.
Every teacher likes him because he can sum up like winking. How he manages to do that is always a mystery to me.
Zina promised to start tracking the stars by the end of next week but there's a catch.
would you like to have some more wine?
i ’m terribly sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
do you know where helen is?
what sport do you like the most? I like baseball the best. I played until I graduated from high school. The last few years, I played third base. When I was a kid, I used to play outfield and the infield. Now, I play softball on a softball league.
Jane's mother always wants her to marry a big shot.
i'm back from shopping and will recommend a website for her.
Nick is going to the shooting range. He has a 9mm pistol and a revolver to practice with. He will also try a machine gun or a shotgun.
i went out with Leo last night. It was exciting.
what kind of note are you taking there? It looks like a doodle to me, but it's a picture association of the concept that the professor taught today. You will take a shorthand note on Friday.
Ben is forming his own band, probably a rock and roll band. He's a good guitarist. If you can play a musical instrument, he might ask you to join the band.
Melaena's passing was one of the highlights of the match.
susan has been down recently. She broke up with her boyfriend, but still loves him.
your tree looks beautiful. It's a family tradition to decorate it the same way every year. You have a new tree each year. The children made the decorations. Now it's just a matter of getting the snow.
has your family lived here for five and a half years? They moved here on the first of November. They have a fantastic view.
Mary and Daniel are getting married on August 8th, the opening day of the 2008 olympic games. They want to stay in the regent hotel in Beijing.
are you doing something on Saturday evening? If not, welcome to my new apartment. I invited all the colleagues in my department and Paul, her former neighbor.
Sara wants to go camping for the weekend, but she's not sure if she can make it.
what brings you to beijing ?
Sophie has made a new friend recently. He is an old man with a great sense of humour and plays the piano and draws pictures.
happy new year and same to you.
i can't wait to go skiing tomorrow. Whenever I go to Vegas, I get excited.
i heard you are busy with your new house now. He wants to buy his own house. He will buy a big house with a garden, but it is far from downtown.
what can i do for you ? _sent_c99_label to the library to reserve a book for him.
when can we expect you and your daughter for dinner? next Saturday at 6:30 pm. He will go to a Chinese opera with his daughter on Sunday.
do you mind helping me find my next class in the c building. It's c261.
could we go over some things because I think my test score is wrong. He will check the answers against the ones on the answer sheet.
how can i live without helen?
Peter retired. He's almost sixty.
lodge , you must come around sometime to check out my mew stereo. She will come on Tuesday after 6 pm.
How long have you been living in New York City and where do your parents live?
i don't dare ask Jane for a date, because she doesn't want to go.
excuse me, it's 5: 10 pm.
Japanese is not easy to learn.
today people are hearing about information superhighways and the intermet. My friend once used the internet to play chess, but now he has learnt how to do other things on the internet. He thinks the internet will be a powerful commercial medium and open up huge markets for all kinds of products and services.
Things are getting out of hand for you.
how was your holiday to Cyprus and how did you meet Tony. He works with my sister who lives there. His sister set him up on a blind date with her. By the third date, they both realized they had fallen in love. Tony is going to see if he can get a new job in Cyprus.
are you a smoker and have a husband who smokes 20 or more cigarettes a day. She had her first cigarette when she was 17.
what do you hope to do when you finish university and what do you want to do after graduation? I would like to go into management. I have applied for several jobs already and am hopeful that I will get some job offers. After graduation, I have to pass exams to become a lawyer. There is a possibility of getting a job with a law firm in London.
Susie doesn't like the athletic express health club. She will come to the total fitness club with her tonight.
do you like traveling and have just come back from Scotland. She visited Edinburgh and has a lot of friends there.
There were four ugliest women in ancient China. They were mo mu, thong lichen, meng gang and ran nv.
Sarah and Mat have already broken up. Jane is a plain Jane.
what ' s up ? you look depressed. You had a quarrel with him.
nowadays, passenger liners from Shanghai to Ningpo and Dalian have been out of business. The liners up and down the yangtze river have been reduced by 70 %.
Everybody looks down on me, so don't be that negative.
good afternoon, sir. I booked a table yesterday.
The spring festival is near. Fire crackers are set off in festival to welcome the new year and to frighten away evil spirits.
There was an earthquake this afternoon. Some houses were destroyed. mom and dad will donate clothes and food for the victims.
It's late, but the coffee shop's lights are still on and the door is still locked.
How have you been and how is everyone in your family?
David went on a first date with Jane. He is satisfied with her.
Logan set Isabelle up. He lied to her about his real name in the email.
how beautiful the flower is. If you like it, I will gather it for you. You mustn't pick it in this place though.
i love that vase and sent it to you.
in my country, we go to school from 8 o'clock in the morning until 5 p.m. five days a week, five and a half hours a day. On Saturday, classes are only in the afternoon. She's going to register for school now.
which is more interesting to you, flying kites or going roller - skating? I would rather fly kites.
Ann and her husband got divorced.
how do you usually spend your day now that you’ve retired? I usually get up at dawn and do some exercise. I usually have cereal for breakfast, but sometimes I cook a traditional english breakfast. I do housework in the mornings and go shopping occasionally. I drive to the supermarket in the city center.
 ted wants to go outside and talk to laura, but the music is too loud. Laura usually comes to the club once every few weeks with a group of friends.
A pilot stole a plane in Canada and flew it into the U.S. After two fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway and walked to a restaurant. His life sucked.
when he told me I had to work overtime, it was the last straw.
It might be cold in Shanghai when you go there tomorrow.
did you watch the premiership last night? I watched united play chelsea. It was a fierce battle. English soccer players are very gentlemanly.
i would like to purchase a parking permit for next semester for twenty - five dollars. She will pay for it with a check.
what ' s your major in college? I take architecture as my major. What research are you doing now?
would you like to go to a concert with me?
Mike was absent yesterday. He got a certificate for sick leave. He received the reading material handed out yesterday.
They promised us a sea view, but there is just the sea between the factory chimneys between the chimneys.
He will be promoted to the general manager.
Beijing is big and exciting, but noisy.
Dr. Miller came here last year after 10 years in the military. He was an easy teacher, but interesting.
how was my singing?
Mr. Taylor Smith passed away two days ago.
i have something really cool to tell you about online auctions. It's a copper buddha over a hundred years old.
excuse me, I want to know how many credits are required for a bachelor's degree. It's 166, including required courses and optional courses. It can be completed in four years.
i have failed in my final examination.
Would you like to go to a concert tonight at the new concert hall with Powell orchestra.
your 3.5 percent share is going to be worth at least a million.
shall I get you another cup of coffee and make more sandwiches.
Jason is in trouble, but he's not giving up.
i don't know how will get this done as she's busy.
Helen will come to a party next Saturday at Helen's.
please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy. I have already been helping myself to the dish. I will have another beer.
Bob refused to accept an egyptian carpet as a gift from one of his students.
It's quiet in the city. The vacation ends the day after tomorrow.
who do you think is going to get the Oscar for best actor?
i went out for dinner with him last night to a sea food restaurant. The food is terrible.
( before christmas party) are you getting ready for the party tonight. It's a formal party. There's a gift exchange and you have to bring a gift. You should use this lipstick.
Mike bought a new car. He wants to take it for a spin with Bill.
It's half past twelve in the afternoon. They have lunch in the cafeteria from one to two.
thank you for coming to see me off but I have to go now.
we have mild wines and strong liquors. I would recommend gin and tonic for myself.
we will get a big bonus this year.
My buddha dropped out of the auction at $ 250. She was watching it all along.
The notes from last week were lent to her by a student who couldn't make it last week.
do you have any habits such as smoking or drinking? I rarely smoke and I don't drink. My favorite winter sport is skiing and basketball. I also like doing aerobics in my spare time.
i wonder if it is possible to organize a dinner party for all the colleagues in their departments. They are working a lot these days and it's time for everybody to relax. The dinner party will take place on Thursday evening after the weekly meeting.
you must be new to college, because you haven't just started. You transferred from a different school to this college.
Are you coming or not? are you coming?
Bob and Bob are walking in circles. Bob has been here before.
i invited him for dinner to thank him for helping me at work last week. They will go to a spicy hotpot place in the downtown area.
i have been working 70 hours this week, which is too much.
It's a beautiful day in New York. It's supposed to get up to 90 degrees today.
i have no idea about what to do next.
Every customer coming to the swimming pool must do a warm - up exercise before getting down to swimming. The pool offers a lifebuoy, goggles, swimming suit and a swimming suit.
Mary told him that she wanted to leave.
do you have the time for that?
It's a perfect day for swimming, so she's going to the Beech.
Someone was robbed at work and he is a suspect. He will come to the office tomorrow to show his boarding passes from the flight.
Neither team has won the game. ac milan's defence seems better organized.
What dances do you like to dance to? disco is my favourite. They are playing a rumba now.
what day is today ? tuesday.
Kevin got divorced. His wife always complained that his salary was too low and he got no promotion.
Tomorrow is my wife's birthday. She and her husband love spicy Chinese dishes. They will go to Hua restaurant, which is near the university. It's five minutes away from their flat.
is this seat taken?
why don’t they go to the cinema tonight. There is a new romantic film starring Hugh Grant. They will meet at my place.
Show us the itineraries. They will go to mount tai, then to Sichuan by air and then to Tibet by air.
Tom is too old to go trick - or - treating on Halloween. He used to do it when he was ten.
i really wants to switch things up and wants to try a new style. She wants to have her hair cut short.
James and his girlfriend are getting married in the spring in St. Albans. They are going to buy a flat or a small house in south London.
It's Peter's birthday. Peter will come to the dining room soon to cut the cake.
which service offered by your bank do you use most often? I use several services. I use my atm card to take money out of my current account and my bank to exchange money from one currency to another. I also use traveller's cheques and direct debit to pay my utility bills. I have standing orders for my subscriptions to magazines. My bank offers good terms and conditions on mortgage.
i am not sure what to do during the holidays. She is interested in all of the options.
Mr. Turnbow's son, John, is bright and intelligent. He can pass the university entrance exam. Jack is tired and takes a couple of hours to brush up after an exam.
you are from New York and you should see the museum of modern art in New York.
Jack doesn't believe in ghosts, but he saw a ghost when he was a little child.
are you getting overtime, but it's not so appetizing.
i bought a car and a watch. The company that sells it has a car club.
quite a few people are laid off these days. It's not easy for them to find another job. university graduates have difficulty finding a job.
Barkley is fine. He is seeing his family.
mike is angry and angry.
oh my god ! it ' s 10:00 pm. I have to go. If you ever pass my home, please drop in.
why you are so crazy about beijing opera and I'm not.
your garden is looking very beautiful this summer. I have roses, tulips, and daffodils in it. I will prune the hedge this afternoon. The lower branches on the tree will be cut off for you.
Mary got married to jerrod yesterday. She's going to live in Paris.
i have been accepted by the university and they offered me a position on the basketball team.
do you feel all right ? you look pale and you have a headache. You haven't taken your temperature yet, but you might have a fever.
There is no hot water in the house, the door bell doesn't work, the hot water is not working, and the building is falling apart.
what kind of jobs are becoming popular in your country? There has been a big growth in anything related to computers and education. Many of the teachers are professionals who are taking a break from their jobs to pass on skills to others. In my country, people are studying business - related subjects. There is a big demand for people to work in fitness centers. There are less jobs in traditional fields, such as agriculture and heavy industry, because younger people are not interested.
Ben's favourite song is "Sweet Heart". He doesn't like "Cold Wind".
are you good at making decisions? Sometimes you let other people make key decisions for you. When your friends are discussing which restaurant to eat at, you should make a decision. When they are going to a bar this evening, you will have to put forward an idea.
Old dyson looks as if he's going to die any day.
The secret to a successful oral presentation is to keep things simple and organized. It's important to stick to three or four points, give an overview of the points, then present them one by one, and summarize at the end. The visuals should support the presentation with graphics and animations.
Shirley will join me for lunch. She has a bachelor's degree in english literature. She wants to do some post - graduate work and get a doctorate.
do you mind if they call on you this evening at seven o'clock.
May is going home for Christmas and has to buy presents for her family and friends. She will give them money in red envelopes.
peter really is a remarkable expert.
how big is your family? There are only 3 people in the family, parents and i. who supports the family and who pays the bills.
This is the good life. Sally and I got married after a car accident ten years ago.
excuse me, I didn't hear what you said. I'm looking for information on tropical fish. You can use the computer over there.
i hate landing in the sand trap. He will wait for her to get on the green before he putt.
excuse me , is this the way to the greta wall? The hotel is on the side of the road. The great wall closes early in the afternoon, but it doesn't close until 5 o'clock.
Wendy divorced her husband after only 5 months of marriage.
Betty has a new job in the marketing department. The corporate culture at her new company is different from her previous one. Her boss is easy to get along with.
James is getting married to a girl.
After the bad weather, it's nice out.
Do you keep any pets, such as cats, dogs or cats?
i would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans. If I were famous, I would do interviews for Cosmo and Elle. I would also do a lot of charity work for children's charities.
There used to be trees on all the hills, but they have all been cut down and now all the soil is washing away.
henry doesn't know how much they have spent this month.
where are you living in the southern part of the city and renting a house.
Gucci is organizing a charity show for children in need. All the money from ticket selling will go to the red cross. A lot of stars will sing in the show, including andy, justin, mendy and mendy.
Olympus is the make of his camera. He doesn't own his own darkroom. He usually gets his films developed at a photo studio and makes enlargements there.
lester needs to be certified as a mechanic 5 before he can repair cars for a living. There are many small schools for adults like him.
how is the college search going for a music major. My parents are trying to pressure me into going to a catholic college. I will talk to the college counselor next week.
i seldom heard the quarreling of her children.
i haven't met you at the gym for a long time. Recently he quit his job and started working from home. He has a project to deal with and doesn't have much time to work out. He likes working in his own place.
what did you say when she told you the news and what did you do about it.
Can I borrow some money from you?
how do you spend your time after work or in vacation? I am fond of traveling and always take a trip with my family, but it's expensive.
i really have a good time here and thank you very much.
Pamela is coming and she will be here soon. She will take care of Pamela when he is away.
The weather is fine today. Yesterday it rained all day. The weather was awful last week.
Tom will do well with his new business.
Bob is reading a biography about Bob Dylan, a famous American musician. He will give it to Charlie in class on Friday.
how are you getting along with your wife now. It's not that good.
i would like to get her hair cut and wear a hat.
The northwest and north of China are experiencing severe sandstorms. Beijing was experiencing seven degree strong winds. The visibility in Beijing was less than 100 meters. Gansu province is hardest hit.
Jenny will go to dinner with him for the first time tonight. He wants to go out with her for the rest of the evening.
i will do a little gardening and play some golf at the weekend.
do you drink the robust milk every day or only occasionally?
in my country, we go to school from 8 o'clock in the morning until 5 p.m. five days a week, five and a half hours a day. On Saturday, classes are only in the afternoon. She's going to register for school now.
Denise offered Denise two tickets for Thursday evening next Thursday. Denise is busy on Friday and next week too.
where were you last night at 9.20 pm? You went out at about half pass nine.
Jim's boss likes him a lot. Everybody would like to have him on their team because he's funny and helpful.
John's father isn't there. April Fool's Day is on the 1st.
It's birthday today, so happy birthday.
Joe has been busy with a first aid course at the red cross. He has not treated any emergencies.
Leah is calling from the international student office to book an appointment for Nathaniel. ms. collins will not be able to call him back until next week, because she had to leave the office suddenly and won't be back until the next week. Mr. liu is available at 2:15 today and ms. fonda at 11:30 today.
i work hard all the time for long hours and has no time for lunch, but he is still getting fatter. He will go for a walk instead of sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper.
i 'll always remember my college days. It was one of the best times in my life. I became a college graduate. After graduation, I was planning to attend grad school, but then I was offered a job doing marketing.
John's father got married again. He married a girl who is only eighteen.
have a nice weekend and have some plans.
how many languages can you speak and how well do you speak them? I can speak french and German but not French.
There are many record players to choose from. They are detached, separated speakers and radio and cassette player.
can ’ t you remember the days when you had the hots for me and tried to seduce me. I fell for you.
Paparazzi take photos of show biz stars wherever they go and whatever they do. They have a lot of money and can buy almost anything they want. They are famous, so everyone loves them. They want publicity for their films.
Lisa has just found out that her husband Mark is cheating on her. He has been seeing someone else for two months. She found out about it when a girl called her.
Palmistry is a practice in which a person takes a look at another person's palm to tell them the future. It is possible to tell a person's future from their palm.
welcome back movie lovers to another premier movie review. Today we are going to talk about the movie lion king. Richard clarke and davidwatson are discussing the movie Lion King.
Professor Wood is a brilliant scientist, but he's a little absent - minded.
It gives me great pleasure to introduce mr, mis and miss.
i stayed online chatting with friends all night. He doesn't want to join me tonight.
The team scored six goals and I scored three of them.
Jordan and anna are breaking up. He will try to be friends with her.
St. Jude is the saint of lost causes. He is the patron saint of pregnant women. His cousin, anna, has a problem with getting pregnant.
Lander's income remains the same but prices continue to rise. Lander can't afford new clothes.
My mum lost her job yesterday. She is thinking of doing some household cleaning or baby sitting in the community as a short - term alternative.
I just started a new job and is worried about how he's going to pay the bills. His wife is trying to be supportive, but she's worried about their financial situation. He has some friends who might be able to help him find a job.
let me tell you what happened to my homework. It got lost. I will make it up early next week.
do you want to try your hand at tennis?
This is how a holiday should be. The kids are enjoying themselves in the swimming pool. They will go to a party at the hotel's special party for kids this evening. They might go to the restaurant recommended in the guidebook.
Nancy is looking for a used car to buy as her old one is blown up. Tom will help her.
Brad sat in front of Mary in their homeroom. She can't find her first period american literature class in room 112.
Ann and her husband got divorced.
Fred will lend me 200 Yuan to pay the mortgage.
Mark's personality is more agreeable than Jones'.
Mary got a little token of her affection from him.
i am sorry, but she can't stay until the end of the class. She has an appointment. She will make up her missed work.
An interesting meeting was held. The last speaker was especially good. Thomas Bradley's name is Tom. ted nugent's last name is Nugent. He's a salesman in the car business. ted works for American airlines.
There used to be trees on all the hills, but they have all been cut down and now all the soil is washing away.
My son is complaining that I dump on him. He was rude to me.
The first year of their marriage was difficult. They had a lot of conflicts. Now they have a two - year - old boy. He is half Chinese and half American. He speaks mostly Chinese and a few English.
Would you like to go to a concert tonight at the new concert hall with Powell orchestra.
Cal Ripen's home run made the game 5 to 4. Baltimore is winning.
well , it ’ s too late for me to stay longer, so I have to go.
tell me why you saw the movie twice and why it was good.
did you get a nice tree and will put it over there. Hand me some globes and paper flowers to put on the top branches.
have the aerobic classes any effect on you and are they having any effect?
our house is too small. We need a big one.
can we have dinner together sometime this weekend.
Tom is making a lot of noise. He's been making noise all evening.
what does she do? She works as a teller in a bank and goes to night school three times a week. She wants to be a manager.
Wily has been with ibm for two years and is ready for change.
Emily started to date someone recently, but it didn't work out.
Daniel is making a big deal out of a little piece of gum that he spit out.
is her hair done yet? She needs to make the final touches. She likes her hair. She will pay $ 55 for the hair.
Hank and Karen's mother - in - law went into the hospital in LA. Hank and Karen will be flying there tonight. suzy has a bad cold. Karen will get Sara ralston, a 17-year-old girl from her church, as a babysitter.
Some sensitive material from the Scott case was leaked to the press. There were only a few people who were privy to the case details.
you are not being a good sport about this. It's because you cheated.
Lucas has just moved in next door to Barbara. He will have some tea and some grape juice. Barbara will bring him some Chinese tea and a tea set.
what ’ s your favourite ball sport and who is your favourite player? I like watching basketball. I support huston. I play for an amateur team. They are doing well this season, but they are not top of the league table.
i can't go to see his daughter.
i like the kid because he's lovely.
time flies. time flies.
Kim hasn't seen Kim for a few days. Kim was out sick for most of last week. Kim is still not over it. Kim will join Kim for tea.
Mr. brown has been on holiday in the city of Chende. He went to the summer mountain resort. There is a big lake and many trees in the resort.
gino needs to go. She will call her mom.
John had a heart attack last night. His nephew took him to the hospital.
why are you always staring at melissa.
The new iphone is supposed to come out in June. It's a cell phone, camera, pad and mp3 player all in one. The first generation ipod shuffle is about the size of a park of gum. It can hold one or two gigs of music. It costs about 100 dollars.
you seem to like her very much. She has a three - year - old girl.
The book is not on the shelf in the library. She will get it from another library and will let you know when she gets it.
Bob and Mary are back together and Bill is happy about it.
Robert is putting together a pool party for Mary's birthday at Jay's house this weekend. He will be providing hot dogs, hamburgers, and a cake.
Jessica is going back to Holland next week. He will get her an ever - green plant to take back home.
do you have any hobbies? I like collecting things. I collect coins, stamps, stones and so on.
We are going dancing tonight.
Sally has an exam at nine, but it's already eight thirty. Mike will drive her to the exam. Sally has been working on a case for six months.
It's George's birthday. Mary has sent him a present. The other guys are waiting for him. He will join them soon.
When shooting a gun, accuracy is very important.
John is not in the mood to do some gardening. He will help me in the kitchen instead. He won't clear the table, but he will go out.
i just heard that you won the long - distance race. Congratulations.
oh , what a beautiful garden ! The roses have been in flower for a week. The garden looks lovely when the roses are in bloom. I love flowers and have taken to growing them. I take care of my flowers every day.
Julia prepared a candlelight dinner to celebrate their anniversary. There is a box in the box.
what do you say we stop in at that burger king over there and grab a bite. The last time I ate there, I almost vomited and stiffed the waiter.
what did you do over the weekend? I went to a global warming rally in London. It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment. There are a lot of things we can do to protect the environment, such as using public transport and recycling. The biggest issue for the future is having enough sources of clean water.
why are you going out with andy?
Mikel is getting fatter. George wants to work out with him. Mikel is too hot and tired to join him.
Miss Wang is wearing make - up. She has studied make- up at a beauty shop. Miss Wang will teach her how to use eye shadow and lipstick.
The first day of my career is over. The company will hold a two-week staff training next week.
Jenny is the name of a girl who Jenny met in the math class. Jenny is funny and makes him laugh.
how will you spend this weekend? We haven't played chess for a long time. He will teach her how to win.
alright everyone settle down . as you know , an important aspect of becoming a good citizen is understanding the genesis of our legal system. In the nineteenth century, workers were forced to work ten, twelve, and fourteen hours a day. On May first 1886, a resolution stating that eight hours of work was a legal day was passed. The resolution took effect, but the happy ending came at a high price for the strikers.
what ' s that book you have under your arm ? It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months. You have a hold on it at the public library for weeks. You checked it out of the rental library.
Lucas was on a trip to Paris. He went to the top of the eiffel tower. He saw art galleries, cathedrals, statues, fountains, palaces and bistros. He felt sick on the third day of travelling in the city, but it passed by the evening. On the fourth day, he tried french cuisine.
you have all your ducks in a row.
were you born in the u . s . , melissa?, but you came here in 1992. You didn't go to college right away, because your english wasn't very good. You studied english for two years.
There is a folk concert tonight at 7 p.m. There are only some good seats in the back. Two tickets cost fifty yuan each.
There will be a live show of a football match on Friday night. It will be Brazilian against Ac Millan.
how time flies. I am always busy and have no time for rest. We should make a plan and follow it.
Every night my roommates watch Korean soap operas till mid- night. He doesn't want them to stop. He used to live in a dorm with four people and they were great in some aspects.
It's too late for me to stay, so I have to leave.
are you an american and you don't speak english. Your mother is a German, so she can speak german. You are an American, so you can speak German. You will exchange lessons with me.
I went bankrupt and I'm broke now.
you ’re all set now.
haven't seen you for a long time as he's been on vacation.
i hear you have just shown your hand first to lin ping. If I were in your position, I wouldn't give up an inch.
Tom is going for a hike around the qinghai lake for the weekend. He will be hiking 30 miles in three days. He has been hiking before. He saw a bear and a lion.
The game started about 5 minutes ago. The Bulls are winning. The ref didn't call a foul on Shan.
Kevin got divorced. His wife always complained that his salary was too low and he got no promotion.
Honey's son doesn't know what the carrot is. He wants to be a superman.
Joan invited Leslie to work out with her. Leslie is going to exercise every single day.
wow , it that your sports car. It's a green jaguar. It needs a new engine, which is extremely expensive. The last time it was serviced was a few years ago. Once my son was born, there was no reason to drive the car anymore, as it's only a two - seater. The heating controls don't work, so it always feels like it's about 100 degrees.
Kith and Alice will come around about 7 o'clock this evening.
Tom will pick up Mary tomorrow at 6:00 and they will go to the movies.
well , my particular interest is collecting stamps, especially the rare ones and collecting stamps.
There are about a hundred flavors of ice cream to choose from. Fruit flavored ice cream is the best, fresh fruit flavored is the worst, and peppermint is the least favorite.
i don't want to do the damn dishes.
Paul came to the office earlier today. He takes public transportation to reach the office every day.
i usually get a lot of information on the computer and use e - mail to send messages to my friends. Recently, however, he has been using net - chat. He has made many friends on the chat and he enjoys it.
do you believe in ufo ' s ?   sure . a ufo is just a space vehicle from another planet. Our space shuttles are ufos. There is intelligent life on other planets.
what do you think of shopping for food and other daily needs.
It's nice and warm again.
Jake broke up with Martha yesterday. He found someone else. She will go shopping tomorrow.
i got a ninety - five on my test.
how can you keep in touch with your aunt in america? _sent_c99_label will show him how to get access to the internet to do that.
Derek Schneider has a disability and needs to apply for a parking permit. He will sit at the desk and fill out the form in a few minutes. The form has a map on the back.
It's too hot to read. It's time to go for a walk. Summer is the season that she dislikes the most.
Will you be at the family reunion next year?
i watched a documentary about plants yesterday evening. There was one type of plant that catches insects and eats them, but it's not found in this country. Other unusual plants that fascinate me are cacti, which have an incredible ability to find water supplies.
Jenny is getting married on July 4th. Tom is the bridegroom. Jenny's best friend, Tom, will be the best man.
Ben is drifting in the pool. He doesn't want to go to graduate school.
peter hasn't finished his english composition yet. He has to turn it in at the beginning of the class today.
Gale and her team have been packing all day. They still need to pack about ten more orders. They will finish it tomorrow.
Tom saw the film last night and thought it was a failure, but the applause from the audience proved otherwise.
John got married yesterday. He didn't tell her about it.
how do I apply to an american university? You should go to the library to find some information about american universities and write to the admission office. The admission office will send you application forms and other related materials. If the university agrees to enroll you, you will get a tap - 66 form and a visa from the embassy in Beijing. If everything goes well, it will take 3 to 6 months.
well , speak of the devil .   what do you mean ? i was just thinking about you.
Mom doesn't want to move in with Andrea and Andrea's because she doesn't like living alone.
Veteran's Day is on November 11th. Many countries around the world commemorate the Armistice Day. In Poland it's their independence day.
are you sure you heard right ? He is running for class president.
these days my son has turned his computer into an electronic playground. He plays football, rides horses, drives racing cars, and does a lot of other things on the computer. No matter what he plays, he always wins first place. He reads a lot on his computer and uses e - mail to send messages to his friends almost every day.
i will participate in a quiz about the 29th olympic games in Beijing tonight. It will be held tonight.
i plan to buy a car this year. I'm going to work in holidays and pay by installments.
What is your favourite season?Summer is the freedom of summer with no school, winter is the festivities of Christmas, New Year's and spring.
One of my students is depressed today because her father is dying. I made an appointment with the school counselor for her.
It's cold and I will light the stove. The climate in my country is mild but it's not always pleasant.
Sam, Tina and Tina are going skating tomorrow. Tina can't skate well, but Sam will teach her.
can you play tennis and teach me how to play it.
Last night there was a party. Jean couldn't come, because he had a headache. He used to take sleeping pills three times a night.
what a beautiful view .   it sure is . the grand canyon is truly a masterpiece . no man could ever make anything like this. The Colorado river is below. You can go down the river in a boat, but it's too dangerous for me. There is a beautiful state park here and people come out to camp.
i would like you to come to dinner with his family next week at his parents' place. They are excited to meet you.
are you studying in the foreign languages department. You are majoring in English. The language is hard to learn, but interesting. You like the culture of the two countries.
Judy and her husband are going to visit Judy's sister in the city. They're going to take the subway. Judy's mother lives there for about ten years.
the time has come to say goodbye. It has been a pleasure seeing you again.
The lecture is dull and boring.
The earphones play for 20 hours on two batteries. They are safe and lightweight.
you 're spending a long time on my hair. I needed you to be done and finished an hour ago. I don't like the way it looks.
excuse me, my watch says half past five, but it's not.
do you think discrimination against women in the work force is still prevalent even today. If so, why is it still a problem.
emily doesn't know what kind of report is this.
would you like some more rice?
He has to deliver letters every day. He likes it.
Rick fields and Bob Copeland are at the pebble beach course where the top golfers in the world are trying to win the grand prize of one million dollars. tiger woods is about to tee off. tiger is nervous and has a bad swing.
Bill is still sick, but he's going to the doctor tomorrow.
professor is concerned about his grades and wants to know if he is doing well. He sends a link to his grades.
lisa did very well in her exam.
The library card is free, but she has to pay 15 dollars for the deposit. If she returns the card, she will get a refund.
mr. clinton met with Peter and his family again.
How did your interview go? It went well. If you get the promotion, you will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer. You will get a pay - raise.
The game started about 5 minutes ago. The Bulls are winning. The ref didn't call a foul on Shan.
are you ready to go shopping yet? _sent_c99_label is not finished with her research yet. She has been reading fashion magazines.
Tom got divorced and is now out of sight.
what ' s the name of the singer who sings this song?
Bill is going to the commencement. He will go with the president of the college.
John took a long - distance trip on plane for the second time. He feels bad because of the lower pressure and the jet lag. He likes the Great Wall of China.
oh . have you finished listing your study preferences. Medicine is the top choice. History is the last choice.
Mr. Black is leaving for the airport at 11. He will pick up Mr. Black by nine o'clock and take him to the airport by himself.
Mark is showing off his knowledge again.
They are professors and government officials from America and Europe. They are attending an international conference in Beijing.
do you need a ticket? Yes, I do. It's hard to find.
where to stay is crenshaw and hawthorne, at the holiday inn on that corner. Miss is from Mexico. She is 26 years old and she is visiting China on a business trip. Her father is 40 years old.
did you see that ? I missed it.
The computer that Sewen bought last week is faulty and doesn't work.
look what you ' ve done ! _sent_c99_label to apologize for his carelessness. He will bring a cloth and clean it up himself. He'll send the cleaning bill and he will refund the cost to you.
did you tell others that we are getting married soon?
i really don't know how to break this to you, but it is eating me alive. You have won two free tickets to Hawaii for a seven - day vacation.
i got an mp3 player and a set of stereo headphones so he can download mp3 music from the internet and record it onto the chip.
Don't cheat on me, because he loves you.
Lilly has been on holiday for the winter holiday. She had a get - together with her schoolmates at the high school and read a couple of books.
well now that i know what kind of movies you like, I want to know what's your least favorite kind of movie.
There are too many advertisements in Hong Kong. Some of them are annoying.
do you have any plans for Friday night? My hosue - mates and I are having a house - warming party. They invited about 10 people, including my sister and a few friends from school. It's going to start around 9 pm. They'll have beer and snacks.
Jack doesn't believe in ghosts, but he saw a ghost when he was a little child.
what did the doctor say to you about eating too much?
i don't know about you , but i am famished and would like to go for a dinner with her. They will go to a sichuan hot pot restaurant.
The famous roast - duck store, q - duck, has moved to some other places. The street used to have few stores, but now there are supermarkets, shopping malls and department stores everywhere.
you are new at pcc. It’s your first semester there. You just transferred from another school.
My hair stood on end when I saw the bloody scene.
Alice has been over an hour late to work. She missed the bus and the bus she did catch got stuck in a traffic jam. The office closes at six. Her boss asked her to do some urgent letters.
Remember the writing contest I entered and won the first prize.
Can you imagine having a million dollars and what you would buy with it?
David wants to choose a career after graduation to be a public officer, but he should take his interests, values and skills into account.
The mosquitos are biting people. They will cover themselves with beer to prevent them from biting them.
how come you are still up when it's late and you should be asleep. You have been having a hard time sleeping lately. insomnia is usually caused by stress. You need to relax and take breaks throughout the day. yoga can help with that.
Teresa met her new neighbors last night. They are beautiful people and easy to talk to.
did you get your grades yet? I bombed my econ final and ended up with a 1.7. I plan on taking the class next year. My gpa is now 3.45.
Emily and Emily are going to see a bad sci-fi movie together this weekend.
Climate change could be responsible for the recent floods.
are you almost finished with my hair and I owe you $ 55.
Lily got back from Canada last week. She visited a couple of cities.
and lots of dear abby sob stories and perfume samples.
i 'd be a basket case if you think of me that way. I need your understanding.
driving during the rush hours can be a bit of a bind. He would rather walk to work.
What can be done to stop smoking? Painting a warning on each cigarette packet might help.
Rachael had a big meeting today. It went well and the boss liked her ideas.
Bobby, Hans, dick, Archie and Hans are waiting for Bobby. Bobby has been stuck in a traffic jam for half an hour, so he can't arrive at his home by 12 o'clock. He will put off dinner till one o' clock.
It's the first day of the class and it's better for the volunteers to introduce themselves to each other.
Sheila and Sheila will meet tomorrow at half past two in the afternoon in front of the treasure house. Sheila will wear her usual shirt and shoes. Sheila is going to wear a blue dress.
what did you think of the movie? I didn't like it because of the music and the story. I like thrillers and chillers.
Amanda has missed working with her colleagues since her transfer last week. Three people are celebrating their birthdays this month and the policy here is for everyone to contribute ten dollars to a card and cake for each of them. Amanda will be out thirty dollars on her first week at work.
then i must go - you have said it yourself. I swear it and the oath shall be kept.
Mr Bean will join his family for dinner this evening. His father misses him.
Kate's term papers are due two weeks later, but she hasn't started them yet. She was busy with her part - time job the last few days. She's thinking of getting a part-time job next year, because she needs more money.
Jack got promoted. He's been working hard.
why did she do that?
hurry up! time is money.
why is little billy crying.
i'm going to work in a multi - national enterprise after graduation. It's not the right time for me to be an entrepreneur, so I'll work as an employee. I'll come up with a detailed business plan to attract investors.
Rob lost his bike and is upset.
Betty lost her tennis match this morning and she's out of the tournament.
Michael Milliken, the bond king, got off with a light sentence of three years in a minimum - security prison. He made millions of dollars selling bonds to people and ended up with a pile of cash.
do you believe in ufo ' s ?   sure . a ufo is just a space vehicle from another planet. Our space shuttles are ufos. There is intelligent life on other planets.
It has been said that you will go abroad to pursue your graduate studies. My field is electronic engineering. I will apply to Harvard, Yale, Michigan, Michigan and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
It's rumored that Jean is fooling around with another woman's husband's husband.
do you have cold medicine and a small first - aid kit with you. You can buy aspirin without a prescription.
It's cold and I will light the stove. The climate in my country is mild but unpleasant.
Andrea works for Thomas cook travel as a guide. She takes people on tours to Peru. Andrea is a student and a part-time worker in a fast - food restaurant.
yeah . just pull on this strip and peel off the back. You might make a few enemies.
When are you getting married and who will be the bridesmaid? My fiancee has an important project.
Fred is five minutes earlier than me today. He is stealing vegetables at the happy farm.
Bill's handwriting is messy. He will pay more attention to his handwriting next time.
Our maths teacher is rather humorous. Anne's history teacher is serious and boring.
Your family is busy shopping for Christmas and decorating the house. They will put a christmas tree just inside the front door, pained toys and colored electric lights along the branches and plays all the gift packages under it.
Jenny wants to go to see a movie tonight. She wants to see ' click'.
How long have you been in Taiwan for? About 3 years. Where did you grow up? Providence, rhode island.
i am in hot water now because all the things have been blown up.
what ' s his schedule like this year? He has a lot of credits to pick up. He's majoring in french literature. He has to take a class on 18th century poetry. He got the assignment last week.
It's supposed to snow all week in the mountains in April. It will be the best ski trip for him.
Are you going to the beach this Saturday afternoon? It depends on the weather.
are you studying here in the eastern asian language department. You are studying in Japanese.
Lily was in Thailand. Lily was alone.
When I quarrel with my husband, he doesn't even try to cool me down.
Dave left us to work for the evil webtracker and now he's filthy rich. They're going to buy micropower for seventy - five million.
The summer vacation is coming. Lee will come to the us for a hiking trip with his friends.
it seems that something is praying heavy on you . what ’ s the matter ? I got my father’s goat last night and want to know what it was.
we need to elect club officials before the summer starts. We will make it the first item of business in the next meeting. I will send out a bulletin by e - mail to all the club members this afternoon. The election will take place the week after the nominations.
how ' s business ? |
are you looking for a course to improve your English. You have to work during the day, so you want to take a part - time course in the evenings. You can sign up for a pre - sessional interview. One of the qualified teachers will interview you so that they can find a class for you.
Mr. Zhang was turned down for a date again. He has been trying to exercise more to get better at it.
who is it and will bring a cup of tea. They will eat out.
recently, there has been a trend of 'net love'. Two people chat on the internet and fall into love. They haven't met. Yesterday, Rebecca received a message from a man called 'Beast'. Rebecca is a lesbian.
what shall they do tonight? They will go to the cinema.
i want to have mexican food for dinner for dinner.
Tom is dating your sister.
It's almost 6: 00.
i can't call on you this evening because his wife is terribly ill. He will call next week instead.
The world is improving every year and medicine is making us healthier, but we are all more miserable than ever.
How was your date recently? She paid for herself. She wanted to go dutch.
After so many years of hard work, he wants to set up his own law office. If he needs help, he can ask me.
 ammo hung is 50 years old and he started out studying alembics, singing, dancing and martial arts at the age of nine. He has starred in 140 kung fu films and has also become an independent producer and director. In the kitchen, with his wife by his side, he puts on a dinner time show.
wasn't that a great flick ? i was on the edge of my seat through the whole movie. The special effects were impressive. The movie was made on a shoestring budget. The book is much better and has a different ending.
Everest is the highest mountain in the world. It is 8, 844 meters above the sea level. It's called zhumulangma in China. People have never set foot on its peak.
i have been feeling sick for three days.
i 'm feeling down.
Mark used to sing in the school choir. His music teacher used to be a professional singer.
mr. keller will come to Mr. Keller's home sometime this week.
i don't know how they do it ! Our competitors have undercut us by 10% on the price of their latest model. We are barely breaking even with the present prices.
Carl is almost fifty and he's a great actor.
There is a traffic problem in the city.
well , you seem to enjoy speaking english when you're using it all day. I hope that a few weeks of study in the school will have the same effect on you. At the moment, I find it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent and can't reply as quickly as she expects.
what ? you want to leave early and is ok with it.
what sort of things do you grow in your garden and when is your garden at its best?
Kevin had a great year at college. He has a girlfriend at school.
Your tie is handsome.
 ted was at your mercy but he is not someone who can be led by the nose.
i failed the exam because I didn't study.
Mr. davis will reserve a table for two at 8 pm for his wife's birthday. He wants a table by the window.
wow , this is drop - dead gorgeous .   so no more regret now that I cut classes to go to a basketball game.
look at that pretty girl.
what are the seasons like in your city ?   summers are hot and usually lasts a long time. winters are short, but cold, wet, and windy. There is a big thunderstorm every two weeks in summer, but apart from that, summers are dry. In winter, it is cold, windy, and sometimes rainy. In spring, flowers bloom and trees grow leaves. In autumn, the weather is usually sunny and dry, but gets colder as winter arrives. In summer
how do you think people get their personalities? parents control the environment a person lives in. Many kids have personalities that are different from their parents when they become teenagers. Some teenagers get bad behaviour from tv and movies.
are you an art aficionado? I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year. I never understand the meaning of abstract art. I didn't pay much attention in art class at school. I will go to an exhibition of Greek and Roman sculpture tomorrow at the national gallery. bus 51 will take me there.
Your daughter will be back soon. They are going to make a pan of lasagne, a salad, and some garlic bread for dinner.
It's a pity that he can't stay longer as he has to go to a meeting tomorrow morning. Next time he and his wife will come to visit him.
labor is an abundant resource here.
i had a terrible row with her boss. She will not apologize.
what 's the matter with you ? you look upset and tired. Your father failed in business. Your family is going through a difficult time. You have a part - time job and can help your family.
come in and have a drink with me.
what can i do for you ?   I want to check out these books but I need your library card. You have late fees of $24.50.
Sarah is hungry and wants to go to an Italian restaurant to eat spaghetti.
how was your date with betty?
Johnson are on their way back. We met them in Bermuda last May. They are a couple with dogs. I invited them for brunch.
good to see you, come on in.
i have never experienced a roller coaster and wants you to sit beside me.
it seems that you are an optimistic man who doesn't dismay easily. good luck.
Tim is going for a year abroad. He will take university courses there.
you are from New York and you should see the museum of modern art in New York.
i will sing you a song but don't sing a sad one.
Zhang Lin invited Linda over for coffee. They will visit their math teacher tomorrow at eight o'clock.
i am going to celebrate his birthday with his friends in a night club this year.
How is your mother doing?
the trouble is not that he may suddenly remember something I promised him a couple of weeks ago and then he complains that I have gone back on my words. He never complains to his father.
do you know where you want to transfer to and what school would you like to go to. pcc is fine for you.
Professor Wood is a brilliant scientist, but he's a little absent - minded.
Frank and Bob have met.
aren ' t staying for the party, because she has to work tomorrow.
what happened with that guy at the cafe and why she's crazy about him. She doesn't actually know him, she knows him through the internet.
Tom is a gay dog. Tom is coming to your house.
what kind of job have you ever had and how did you like it? I used to work as a teacher.
Joan is enjoying the party. The boys from the campus band will play music for them.
This is the first time for me to have a chinese guest. He likes western cooking. He will try the fish with white sauce.
Galileo is one of the revolutionaries.
i think andy's party will be fun. She will get back the sweater and black leather boots from him.
Bill Peters will sit here and have a drink with susan Jackson. susan is a student at Ucla. Bill is an engineer.
Fred has a job waiting for him back in his hometown. After graduation, he will move back home to live with his parents. His parents don't want him to live at home.
i 'd love to continue this conversation, but I have to get back to the office. We will meet up for lunch on Friday instead of Monday.
where are you going on Tuesday night? It’s Tuesday. You’re going to a business class. You are learning about math in the business environment.
Miao li is a costume designer and works in a garment mill. She's come to see her brother.
How to apply for a passport. It will take about three weeks.
what are you thinking about? about my boyfriend again.
mr . tells his students to read pages 12 to 20, do exercises one through ten on page 21, and then do exercises on pages 21 to 12.
lucy wants Lucy to come to the lake and listen to the sound of nature.
L . A is a frivolous town with a lot of flaky people.
A new student wants to know how to use the library. She needs her student identification card to check out two books at a time. She wants a book on physics. She can keep the books for two weeks, but she must renew them.
John is the best player on the field. The weather is wonderful and the players are wonderful.
thank you for organizing a baby shower for me. They got me a stroller, a highchair and car seat, a playpen and crib.
by the way , how many books am I allowed to check out at a time and how long can I keep the books.
Susan has some papers due.
i'm going on a guided tour in the mountain. You will see the world-famous waterfall.
i work hard all the time for long hours and has no time for lunch, but he is still getting fatter. He will go for a walk instead of sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper.
excuse me , how can I fill in this blank ? what does marital status mean and are you married?
Supergirl was too late in the night and he didn't sleep last night. He doesn't like this show because of the constant arguments between the judges and the contestants. He spends less than 3 hours a day watching TV. He prefers listening to the radio.
you should draw a picture of a fancy kingdom of animals in forty minutes. You should imagine if a horse can fly and if a bird can swim.
Aunt Jane bought a new bike for Tom. Tom is putting on grand airs. Tom's bike is better than Mom's. Mom will buy a big car one day.
Steve and his friends are going to play golf on Wednesday. They will play in Bellevue. Steve will get a tee time for Wednesday at 4.
The weather is warm in spring and cool in autumn. It's hot in summer.
He told the police that ted was the murderer.
hey , let's arm wrestle, but chicken is not interested.
oh, it’s late and I have to leave, but I will see him next time at his place for Chinese food.
isn't it wonderful walking around Fifth Avenue in New York. There are a lot of tall buildings around us. The Empire State building is 102 stories tall and was built in 1930. St. Patrick's Cathedral is a few blocks away, and just across the street is the world - renowed rockefeller center. After that, there is a central park and some expensive properties.
Daisy and Simon are settling in at school. Simon is doing business studies. Zoe is studying accountancy in Sydney. Simon's parents moved to Canada the year he was born.
Emily is getting rushed by a sorority. She is not interested in joining a frat house.
are you studying in the foreign languages department. You are majoring in English. The language is hard to learn, but interesting. You like the culture of the two countries.
How are you doing and what are you up to these days?
mary is such a cautious girl. She never puts words into her mouth.
He just broke up with ann. He has a new girlfriend.
let them cross at the light. They have to walk all the way down to the end of the street.
Jenny is having fun at the party and would like another glass of champagne.
Steven hasn't met Hanson since he went back to London, but he and Hanson still stay in touch through email.
Joanna wants to go to the outlet center. She will go with Emily.
Mike had too much to drink yesterday evening at a friend’s birthday party. He had a bad hangover this morning. He is not going to drink any alcohol this evening. He will have a coke with ice and lemon. Mike and Mike are going to the wine tasting tomorrow.
excuse me, I have an interview with the visa official today. He will walk me to the visa office.
 bean is harassing you and wants to finish the case.
Mike's sister is tall and pretty. She's friendly and easy going.
When were you born on the 20th of May 1963, it was the 27th day of the fourth month according to the lunar calendar. The film will begin at five thirty tomorrow.
Tim and his girlfriend are breaking up. She wants to start seeing other people.
Mike in accounts got arrested on Friday night and spent the night in jail. He had been out drinking with clients from the bank and lost his wallet and house keys. He tried to get in through the bathroom window, but he slipped and broke the glass with his foot. The neighbors heard him and called the police. Mike's wife left him last year. He called someone from work to come and bail him out.
what ' s your opinion about childless couples? will you choose to have no kids. My husband and his mother - in - law had a fight last night because she wants grandkids.
Jim and Wendy are going to meet with Wendy.
you are a big fan of andy lau. You have all his albums and most of his films on dvd. You also have several new posters of him on your bedroom walls. You used to be a member of his fan club, but you can find out everything for free on the internet. You saw the interview with andy Lau in cosmopolitan magazine last month.
how did you enjoy your family party at “ ginger ’ s ” ? There was a seafood buffet and a wine list at the party. The waiters and waitresses were attentive and attentive. There were almost every kind of seafood in the buffet, including oyster, shrimp, prawns, crabs, fish, smoked salmon. They didn't have lobster.
Harry doesn't like the opera.
hello there ! come on in and take a seat. I am going to work my magic on your hair and make it look amazing.
May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in-law.
As a birthday present for your birthday, I will take you shopping for a new dress in a posh store.
Richard was fired by his manager.
Climate change could be responsible for the recent floods.
i remember you said that you like china because it has cheap beers. beer in China is unbelievably cheap. Carlborg beer is less than $ 1. When he first went to a bar to pick up girls there, he saw a beautiful girl sitting there drinking coke. He went up to her and asked if he could buy her a drink.
What is your favourite pastime? fishing. Mine is climbing mountains on Sunday mornings.
Wendy divorced her husband after only 5 months of marriage.
Copellini's is my cousin's store. He's an art lover.
Thanks for the pizza, but next time it will be on me.
Diana is going to the library to study with Jerry.
The academy is an important part of the education system in Pakistan.
Hugh is going to order a double shot of espresso and order tea.
Your father looks much younger in the picture. He was 20 years old then and he is now.
Mike has a crush on Jenny and wants to ask her out. ted doesn't have the guts to do it.
It looks like it's going to be sunny today.
does anyone need a drink? I'll take one. The cooler is still stocked.
thanks a million . |
would you honor them with a visit ?   i 'd love to . thanks . _senttranslabel when will be convenient and when will you be convenient. She will pick up at about nine o'clock tomorrow.
would you mind if i use your tape - recorder and give it back to you in a couple of days.
what are they doing this weekend? They are going to a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara. They will leave around 8.
congratulations on your success in the competition. It was due to hard work and efforts.
Mike is engaged. They haven't decided about the wedding yet.
who ’ s this ? his girl - friend ?   no, it’s his sister. She is 18 and she is tall and thin.
How are you today and what is the main idea in the essay?
Professor Wood is a brilliant scientist, but he's a little absent - minded.
Li na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with Canadian.
There is a storm system moving through the east coast. It will be drizzling all day today and there is a 60 percent chance of thunderstorms this evening. On Saturday it will be clear early morning, but there will be showers and thunderstorms later in the day. There is a severe thunderstorm warning for some parts of the sout.
May I know your date of birth? I am 24.
What was the last movie you saw? "Friends" by sang dong - gun.
now the coals are just right and he can start grilling. He made up the burger patties and made up his own special sauce. He will take over for a while.
Jimmy doesn't want to wear his favourite robe for tonight's cocktail party.
would you mind if I make a suggestion ?   of course not , go ahead and try to quit smoking.
what ' s your favorite sport ?
Mr. black and his wife got divorced. His wife found out that he has been two - timing for a long time.
you are freaking me out.
Janet has got a new job at the united investment group. Tom inherited a lot of money from his uncle. He will probably invest most of it. Tom has a well - paid job.
Sophia has a new job and she doesn't spend much time with her old friend Sophia. Sophia and Sophia used to spend a lot of time together, but since she started her new job, Sophia is more interested in hanging out with her new friends from work. Sophia invited her over for dinner a few weeks ago, but she brought a friend from work with her.
do you love me? is it possible that you don't love me.
thanks for inviting me to Julia's birthday.
How much does the copier cost and how many copies are allowed to be made on it?
Mary and her friend argued with each other and she's upset.
It's been a long time since they last saw each other. She's been going to graduate school at Usc and is studying international communications.
here you are at last, half an hour late.
i'm sorry for spilling his drink on the rug.
No one in my class speaks English, so I will have to converse in Chinese. The class is full of international students from all over the world. Everyone in the class is from Asia, except for me.
currently we are looking for business opportunities in northeast China. We specialize in trade and shipping industry. We send analysts to smaller local companies.
Bob hasn't seen Anne for ages. She's fine.
i didn't like my brother batting around and not doing anything useful.
may i have your attention please.
John is a new student in the school. He wants to introduce himself.
so, have you seen all three Lord of the Rings movies and didn't like the third one as much as the first two.
Jill has a new job as a secretary at ace travel agency on Franklin Avenue. She wants to become a travel agent.
Jack got rid of his old car. He bought a new one.
woo hoo ! this might be the start of the rest of my life. ben is looking for a job as a gas station attendant.
Hilda's husband, Henry, had an accident on his way home from work. His car was hit by an express train at the crossing just behind his house. He's having an operation now.
my son has really taken it out of me because he is always doing mischief.
alright, everybody wants the bottom bunk. Dave and C ' mon are going to move in together. They both brought their stereos. C' mon will get the desk by the window. Dave will start unpacking.
let's go swimming, but we have just finished eating lunch.
why are you so late? |
i think we should accept his plan, but can't agree with you.
not a single email until now. _sent_c99_label has been there before. He feels uncomfortable if no one calls him or sends him a text message. He has an information overload addiction. He checks his email and his cell phone frequently.
do you like chocolates, coffee and english food.
it ' s getting late.
Dad will buy a new necklace for mum's necklace.
could you tell me the time?
wow , that terrible movie is finally over. It was two and a half wasted hours of my life. Next time I will pick the film, because I don’t want to end up seeing a chick flick.
How about going to the pool?
I want to go to China for sight - seeing. I want my mum to join me.
Mr. Rogers is Mary Lin's homeroom teacher. She will sit behind Brad.
welcome to the university’s fifties anniversary. He will see dean Mr. Lee first.
excuse me , miss. bob is at amy's party. amy and bob are dancing fox - trot at the party.
i will go to the beauty parlor. She will have a foot massage, haircut and a mudpack on her face. They will also have pedicures and manicures. They might try a Thai massage.
i just love your hair that way. Her sister did it just yesterday.
what ' s the matter ? |
Jack's father died and he set his hand to the job of putting his business affairs in order.
sandra is actually a blue chipper, but she doesn't realize that she has married a fool for women.
Paul and Paul are going to a Maria Carey concert tomorrow at 8 pm. They will eat at the restaurant across the street from Paul's apartment.
Yi - jun and Holly will eat on the grill in an hour or so.
Water shrinking festival is not official. Most of the traditional festivals of minority nationalities are not.
They have a two- for- one happy hour special. He will get a pint of heineken and half a pint budweiser for table six. They will have nachos and mozzarella sticks for table 6.
so you are green with envy at your neighbor because he won the bet.
now that it’s the new year, he has a new job and a new city. He will stop smoking. He has been smoking since he was sixteen. He is also coming out of the closet.
are you doing something on Saturday evening? If not, welcome to my new apartment. I invited all the colleagues in my department and Paul, her former neighbor.
Tomorrow she will bring back the software that she lent to him.
i wouldn't dare go bungee jumping, because it's dangerous.
There will be a dinner for ten people at 8 o'clock tomorrow evening. They will have typical chinese food, mao tai and qingdao beer.
you 're going to abandon me.
why are you so crazy about bird - watching and what do you get out of it?
How was your vacation in Paris?
When in Rome, do as the Romans do and go to work by car, bus or foot.
Josh has a crush on anny. He wants to tell her he likes her but he doesn't want to be a chicken.
what ' s that book you have under your arm ? It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months. You have a hold on it at the public library for weeks. You checked it out of the rental library.
Connie wouldn't have a breast enlargement or a plastic surgery. Liz doesn't think it's a good idea. Connie would have a make - up job. Liz's eyes are puffy and her eye bags are dark.
After three baby girls in a row, rose is pregnant again. She and her husband want a boy.
i have two finals this week and one oral presentation. She will be cramming until Friday.
i went bungee jumping yesterday. She enjoys dangerous sports and wants to try deep - sea diving and rock - climbing.
Honey, would you marry me.
John harps on his father and his old man.
what are they doing tomorrow? They are going to watch Lord of the Rings.
Jenny and Jenny will go on a picnic. Jenny will bring her camera and bring enough films.
Carrie's boyfriend is always in a bad mood. He has a stressful job and is stressed. Carrie will talk to him later.
Is it going to rain today? It's supposed to rain.
would you like something to eat? No, because she is late for dinner at her house. She will call home.
You didn't come to work yesterday. You had to look after your son at home. He has a fever.
Christopher has to work on Saturday all day, but he will go to the beach on Sunday with his friends. He will bring $ 10 for food and $10 for gas money.
are you sure this is the right restaurant for you.
could you help me prepare for my presentation on Friday. We will meet tomorrow night at the coffee house next door.
His wife gives him goose bumps. Many men praise her highly.
Eliza was teaching English in Taiwan. She liked it. The children in Taiwan study a lot and their parents are concerned about their education.
The dinner was really good. After dinner, they will try some sweet wines.
Mike is stressed at work and wants to go for a drink with Mike tonight.
my wife and i didn't used to spend this much money on diapers and baby food, but now they spend a lot because she's pregnant.
we came to the theater three hours before the performance starts. They will take a look around the museum of the beijing opera art. There is an opera fans club practicing outside.
i is worried that she might leave him one day.
anna's dress is on sale at the mall for 60% off. Carla likes it.
The trip to the seaside was fun. They drove through the valley on their way there in the morning. They took a short cut to get to the park. They spent the whole morning under the tall trees. They had a picnic and a swim in the sea.
where can I buy textbooks and how can I turn in my old textbooks for money at the bookstore.
i don't like the merry - go - round, but she wants to ride it, so daddy will pay her two yuan for it.
Lydia's horoscope for this month says she should take a vacation to someplace exotic and have a passionate summer fling. She was born on April 15th. She is an aries. Her horoscope says she will be stressed at work and have no love life.
oh , my god . how can you stand living in such a messy dorm? The place is spotlessly clean.
then i ' ll take them for $ 150.
you shouldn ' t have told her the truth. It's all my fault.
Ethan slept through his alarm and ended up two hours late to work. His boss told him that if he showed up late one more time, he would fire him. It was the second time Ethan was late for work, because the first time he was in a car accident. Ethan is going to look for a new job. Ava will help him.
Victoria is back from vacation. She feels tired.
Dora is lonely in the city and misses her family. She will stay at home and call Dora any time she is alone.
Amanda and my roommate met through a mutual friend. He introduced them.
sorry, sir, she came late because she had to send for the doctor for her grandfather.
i heard many stories about your brother. He's a hero in our town.
Clyde is a black yuppie. There are many black people at the party.
what book is that? i just bought a new atlas. It's a map of the world.
There will be a volleyball match between the economic department and the foreign language department this afternoon.
tonight is a party night. There will be a cask of wine and two super bottles of cola for each person.
John and Mary met at the airport. John bought a house in titusville, Florida. He will come to Florida for a vacation. Mary will take him to disney world, sea world, universal studios,universal studios, and weeki - watchee springs.
i can't decide what to do about dating Tom and Harry.
James Cameron was the director of the movie titanic and the terminator.
The graduate school accepts applications after January 29th, but it's already February 5th, so you have to apply to begin the first semester next year.
Brain and I have been dating for 6 months. He kissed her on the cheek last week. He french kissed her in the back of his car. She doesn't like it.
how did you get around over there? Did you rent a car? They used the train system. They bought a special pass called a enrail pass. The european people rely on trains a lot. The American people love their cars too much. The automobile companies are too powerful. The environment can't tolerate cars forever. The world governments will have to limit car use.
It's raining outside. It's very hot in Catherine's hometown. She likes it in spring and fall, but she doesn't like it in winter. She lived in Boston for three years.
i will help you with your homework.
That's a cool jacket. Where did he get it?
Lily is leaving for Washington tomorrow morning. Lily will come and see her off on the nine fifteen train.
herman has fallen in love with a beautiful girl.
Tom went to bed early and is in the bedroom.
what an attractive blouse you are wearing. I bought it in spring street yesterday.
what college are you attending in nanjing university and what kind of college is it.
how do you like the play? It's dull and the production isn't satisfactory. They will go to a musical comedy next time. The one they saw last month was very good.
Neither team has won the game. ac milan's defence seems better organized.
Terry annoys me.
It's summer vacation, so he's taking a crash course in math. He has to prepare for his exams for getting into the university. He's been studying eight hours a day.
have you seen the new hannibal letter movie and what did you think of it?
mary seems depressed. What's the matter?
Charles found an apartment in Haitian. He will come to pick him up at 6.30 pm on Saturday to go to the party.
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend the Oscars on Sunday night. They got into a fight and decided not to go. Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the oscars. Tom cruise might have been nominated for one of his films, but he didn't win anything.
C ' mon bought a brick on the sidewalk from a guy who was selling new Panasonic video camera boxes for twenty dollars. They were stolen.
what do you like to do in your spare time? I like dance, chess, collecting stamps, travelling, taking photos and gardening.
Ozone is one of the main air pollutants. It is formed when nitrogen oxides and voc emissions come into contact with heat and sunlight.
Tom was caught stealing something in the supermarket again. His brother would go bail for him.
The labor union is staging a nationwide strike today. All of the workers in the department are supporting the labor union and not going to work.
are you going to take the job?
we are going to the movies and want to have lunch with them, but I have to help John with his math problems right now.
What sports do women excel at most and which ones are they better at than men?
i am going on her first date tonight. She is going to wear a polka dot purple dress with her hair piled at the rear.
How is your new car? It's perfect.
hey, let's eat out tonight. He won the lottery.
do you mind retiring earlier?
Kobe Bryant is a key player of the Lakers. He is competent in driving the lane, shooting jumpers and switching up and dribbling with his left hand. Kobe came to Beijing during this summer's Olympics and got an autograph from Lee. Lee went to the match between China and USA.
The latest onxiu magazine has been checked out, but it's popular. The library will send you a note when it gets the book.
what do you like to do with your free time? study English.
The state of the economy is starting to go up in our country.
Mary is still there and wants to know if she got the statue.
do you mind if i sit here and help yourself.
The final examination will be held at the end of this month.
He always likes to say something as if all his geese are swans.
can we have two tickets for seven thirty for Tarzan for 35 yuan each.
That radio is too loud, so I asked her to turn it down.
does bullfight interest you much? I have two tickets to the latest show and need a favor from you.
i spilled coffee on the tablecloth and is going to do the laundry.
i ’ m glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here. i trust you are keeping well.
whoa, there are a lot of ice cream choices. What is your favorite ice cream? chocolate is your favourite. You don't like nuts and garlic ice cream.
Colin has jet lag and feels tired. He will visit tourist spots in the city.
Stephanie took a long time to get to school. She has a complicated morning routine.
did it take you a long time to quit smoking?
Mark rancor is a fashion designer. He was John's dinner partner last month. He used to work for 3m but now he works for microsoft. Next month he has a fashion show. He will bring a friend.
Titanic was cheesy in 1997, but when you watch it today it doesn't seem that way. Arnold Schwarzenegger's "Terminator" is cheesy too, but he likes some cheesy movies too.
i see that there are olympic mascots in your car. She wants to be a volunteer for 2008 Beijing olympics. She sends a quiz on the ancient and modern Olympics.
It's too far to walk to the beach on foot. They will take a bus to the bus station.
Ella had a good time and wants to meet again with Ella. Ella will call Ella next week.
May will bring the note to professor li today. She has been absent five times this semester. She will ask for leave again.
Working overtime in some companies is a regular thing, but the employees get no pay for it.
Titanic will be playing tomorrow at 7:30 pm. The tickets are 20 yuan each for each showing.
what would you like to be in the future? I would like to become a music teacher to teach children to sing.
Joe is living on his parents since he has graduated from college.
A Chinese girl has broken the world record in the 5000 metres race in the Olympic games.
i like small towns. Many roads are narrow and there are few cars.
Veronica and steven were shot at by some men. Steven is a spy for the Indian government.
May and Steven Spielberg are going to watch the movie "The Terminal" tonight.
he ' s too young for the job.
happy new year to you and thank you.
what musical instrument do you play and if you can play the piano, then we can have one more program at the party.
Just make yourself at home and have some chicken.
oh you look awful. You should get some rest this weekend and don't go out drinking.
Fanny didn't sleep well last night. She had a bad dream about ghosts chasing her through the graveyard. Her mother woke her up. She gave her some chocolate cookies and a glass of milk.
hey ! that food was terrific, but I can't eat another bite of it.
Maris has a part - time job as a bartender at a bar. She's learning how to deal with people.
did you set your clock forward one hour for daylight savings time.
you wouldn ' t believe what happened to me today.
does your girl friend like swimming? She is good at backstroke, free style, breaststroke and sidestroke. She wants to learn the butterfly stroke. He is now practicing underwater swimming. He has some difficulties with breathing.
He was once a poor man, but now he is a man of means.
what do you think of studying abroad? I think it's a great idea and studying abroad will offer you plenty of new opportunities. I would like to study in the UK, but it's expensive. I received a conditional offer from Oxford university. I was also accepted into Yale and Sydney universities.
you have drank a lot of cups and you are bound to get a bay window.
mr. lin will join the summer camp next week. He will hike and fish.
Jim biked to work. His work is near a park. It takes him about an hour. Jim works in the city, so he takes the train to get there.
Neil is quitting, according to a report.
Mark will borrow two bikes from the shop tomorrow, but he will pick them up himself.
Zina made the deal with micropower. Vince stopped by her office every day to thank her for the deal.
i feel I work harder when I am under pressure.
you spoken english is pretty good but you don't know what to say about your method of learning it.
i am not convinced by your explanation. It's five o'clock and there's little time left for them.
Tom has a lot of work to do in the company recently. Steven is fine, but he's a little tired. Steve is going to buy a new air conditioner for his parents.
Lily wanted John to buy her some things for the party. The traffic is bad today.
which season do you like best? I like spring.
Bill made a move today. Bill is happy about it.
how are you doing today and what can I do for you? I need help with a newspaper article. I will show you where it is.
What do you usually do in your work time? files, documents, faxes and so on. Sometimes you are very busy.
thanks for inviting me to your friend’s wedding. I was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony. Many couples today write their own wedding vows. They threw rice as they got into their car, but it was birdseed. There is a lot of food, drink, music and dancing at the reception. The bride is throwing her bouquet.
Brian has been feeling under the weather recently. He caught a bad cold last week.
Sarah is on a relationship.
excuse me, I need to find some books on social science in the library. The library has a card catalog with cards describing every book in it. Each drawer runs from one part of the alphabet to another. The cards are omitted for extremely common words and phrases.
Julia doesn't like to go to the movies on a date, so she will meet with him at the coffee shop.
Catherine will pick up Catherine tomorrow at 7 o'clock. They will go out for dinner and a movie.
Leo is dating a woman 30 years younger than him.
do you think maybe it would be better to just talk to Vince and explain the situation to him, or do you want to squash the bug yourself.
you didn't ring me last night. You were rude to me at lunch. You didn't call me.
Sam doesn't like the weather and has never liked it since he got here.
would you like to go skiing with me to a new ski area. It has safe tracks for beginners and free training.
My new pendant is a hello kitty pendant with a monkey suit on it.
what date is it today? It's Valentine's Day. Jack asked me out to dinner tonight.
There is a dragon boat race at the festival tomorrow.
i must admit i'm not interested in math.
Ellen and bob are going to the rock concert on Friday night. ellen will buy her own ticket.
not a single email until now. It's already twelve o'clock. _sent_trans_cons_label has been there before. Checking emails and text messages is an addiction. He will go crazy if no one calls him or sends him messages.
Mark has been playing a game called counter strike on his laptop on his bed. It's a first person shooter game.
why did tom quit his job.
what did he say ? _sent_c99_label he said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man. It's too good to be true.
Vicky doesn't feel comfortable with the purple top and the jeans.
you had better get a grab instead of getting upset about little things and get on with it.
Ucla accepted him as a student.
The weather might not be good this weekend. They will go to the new art gallery instead of hiking.
on balance, dress designing appeals to me most and it's to my liking.
how often do you use the internet? _sent_c99_label uses it almost every day to check his email. He uses it to find products and components at the lowest price for his company. Sometimes he helps other people in the office if they are having trouble online.
today more and more families have personal computers and people have wider range of choice to communicate with the outside world. With the establishment of internet and a lot of web companies, people are getting more dependent on the web. One of the common uses of pc is that people can buy goods through it without going to the physical stores. If a customer is interested in some certain goods, he can ask the web company to have the specimen of the goods shown on the color screen and place an order online.
Bob is going to the concert this evening. He will go with Bob to the music hall with him.
what a good day it is here. The grass is greener and the air is fresher than in the city. The lake is beautiful and so is the scenery.
my mother and my wife are always holding different ideas. He should follow her suggestion.
get changed. Get changed.
Everyone on the sales floor has to wear a uniform. They are supposed to make them look more professional. He doesn't mind the uniform as he doesn't have to worry about what he's going to wear every day. He likes his new job as his boss is great. He has met Jane, the intern in the international travel department. Jane is his cousin.
isn ’t this great ? i always wanted to own a farm and live out in the country, grow my own food. I don’t know much about farming. It was just a goat.
what do you base their grades on ? _sent_c99_label all of their coursework is important, including attendance, homework, quizzes and test results for the semester. The final and mid - term are twenty percent each, homework and attendance are the rest, and the unexcused absence is one of the only exceptions.
i watched a documentary about plants yesterday evening. There is one type of plant that catches insects and eats them, but it's not found in this country. Other unusual plants that fascinate me are cacti, which can survive in dry desert conditions.
i got the job you recommended me for last week.
The great wall is a great attraction for visitors and it's part of my dream to visit it. It's one of the two wonders that could be seen on the moon.
i can’t believe it. He bet $200 on the cougars.
Nigel wants to go out for a couple of beers with nigel tonight, but he has to work late at the laboratory.
what do you think of your teacher? He is strict and strict with his students. He gives good lectures.
ernie and Ernie are starting a band together. They will play vanilla ice songs.
what ' s taking you so long to do my hair? I'm almost finished, but there's more to do. I don't like my hair.
roy is angry at susan because he is in love with janet. He went out for lunch with her last week.
what kinds of tv programmes do you enjoy watching and why? I like current affairs programmes and documentaries, especially wildlife ones. I think that many people underrate the education value of tv. There are too many advertisements on tv in my country.
bon voyage ! |
can you believe me ?   sure .   I will be yours through endless time and will never hurt you.
John wants to build a deck in his back yard so he can hang out with friends and do some barbecuing on weekends. He will hire a carpenter. John's uncle will help him.
are you tired?
It's late and it's high time for me to leave.
i'm going to try sky diving this weekend.
joan is a thorough drag. She keeps talking.
Bill Clinton's approval rating has risen in his second term. His approval rating is as high as 66 percent.
what courses are you taking ?   chinese, maths, english, chemistry, physics, biology, biology and so on. The teachers are good, except for the chinese teacher. The oral english teacher is from a small town in California. He speaks very clearly and is great.
how do I apply to an american university? You should go to the library to find some information about american universities and write to the admission office. The admission office will send you application forms and other related materials. If the university agrees to enroll you, you will get a tap - 66 form and a visa from the embassy in Beijing. It can take 3 to 6 months to get enrolled.
New York book review has just finished reading a murder mystery by the author. The book is based on a true story about murders that took place in Florida several years ago. The main character, the police invesigator, is a composite of a man who investigated the case. The author is writing a collection of short stories about the same subject.
Jenny's last name is snow. Jenny's eyes are blue and her hair is brown.
i like watching comedies like ' boat' and ' the unborn'. She doesn't like watching horror movies because they're too scary.
The form to get a library card is on the card. You need to hand it to the librarian when you are done.
when did you and Amanda meet each other and when did you first meet her? He met her one year ago.
do you like snakes? She doesn't.
During the weekend I take the family out on short trips to relax. I like to paint seascapes.
Mary and Mary haven't seen each other for a long time. Mary is doing okay.
what can i help you with today ? _sent_c99_label she needs to check out a book. She doesn't have a library card. She will apply for one right now. She signed the back of the card.
How was your time in the United States? It was good. The cultural differences impressed him the most. One of his american friends had a cold for several days and he didn't want to go to the hospital.
He has so many friends supporting him.
It's time to leave the office for the night. He will send a short message to his wife and take the elevator down to the basement. The car park is under constant video surveillance. The steering wheel recognizes his finger prints before starting the car. The navigation system shows him the best route home. He needs to find the remote control for the garage door.
Tom is going for a hike in the southern rocky mountains for the weekend. He will be hiking 30 miles in three days. He has been hiking before. He saw a bear and a mountain lion.
Miss wang is married and has no children.
Lucy has a friend who wants to learn English. She will take him to her place this Saturday before noon. He will pick up his friend at the airport in the afternoon.
He got laid off again and feels sorry for him.
could you tell me something about the mid - autumn festival? It falls on the 15th day of the eighth lunar month. It is named after chang ' e, a goddess who had eaten some sort of elixir and had to depart her husband. She is always expecting to see her husband again. When there is a full moon, the family members come together. People eat moon cakes on that day.
A new student wants to know how to use the library. She needs her student identification card to check out two books at a time. She will be allowed to keep the books for two weeks, after that she must renew them. She wants a book on physics.
i think this one will do but I don't think it's right.
There will be a reorganization in marketing department. James is going to be packed off there.
mrs. smith is always worried about her children.
It's Lillian's birthday.
The company has made some decisions which will have a direct impact on anthony's employment. He will be fired.
Anlesen and David got engaged last weekend while they were on the Sik trip. They are getting married next June.
Jane is going to a waltz club in the city this evening.
Tom promised to cut the lung and repair the television. He also promised to help Johnny with his homework. He will try not to be late for dinner tonight if he asks nicely.
Jim borrowed money from Nick. Nick is a loan shark.
It was her that made us embarrassed.
my goodness ! you got a good pay and a good job, but you can't show your abilities.
Sue is pretty, intelligent and diligent.
It was me who had moved the flower pots. She had to move it to get her bike through.
Julia Roberts' new movie is going to come out and she is in it.
i hope the teacher decides to curve our test grades. She did it last time.
could you tell me how to use the library. I want to check out two books on spoken english. The books have to be read within library. They can only be checked out for two books at a time. If you don't return them in time, you will be fined.
how did you do that ?
that new sony camcorder you have got is the latest in digital video cameras. Digital camcorders are getting cheaper and more popular. They offer clearer and sharper images. They are compact and are designed to be used with one hand. They speak digital. They can be connected with other digital equipments at home, like your digital tv or your computer. They have a photo mode and a fast - action mode. They also offer editing software for adding titles and special effects.
David and Joanna are thinking of joining a club together. Joanna is interested in the classical music club and David in the cinema.
Zina is confident the software will be done on time in the next three weeks.
Monica had a perfect plan for this afternoon, but it was ruined by the sand storm. Lucy and Monica don't want to go outside anymore. The sand storm happens more frequently these days. The government is working on it.
May want to return the book and check out the magazine, but the policy doesn't allow her to check out it.
Tom is moving to Canada next month to live with his son.
have a nice thanksgiving !   the same to you.
There is a new mexican restaurant on the other side of the street. Someone gave me a pamphlet introducing the restaurant.
Steve and Steve will go to the Samsung health club over the weekend. Steve will call Steve on Saturday morning.
anything interesting in this city ? _sent_c99_label we have a beautiful natural park.
My daughter can't decide about college. She disagrees with me about everything.
merry christmas to Lily, joey and joey.
The teacher should give us more time to complete the assignment.
Miss Morrison is not in, she's gone out to the theatre. He has just come back from Canada and has a parcel from her parents. He will leave it with her.
brad doesn't have a locker. He had to carry his backpack with him all day. Mr. Rogers will give him one tomorrow.
you didn't tell me she was married. He got drunk and made a fool of himself.
who is this on the water buffalo is my grand - father. He was a farmer. When he was young, he used to take water buffalo to graze in the field. He didn't go to school. Later, he was a soldier and a fireman in the village. He became a police officer. He is a senator now.
i am considering applying for a new job. There is a lot to consider.
i was just thinking to call you but the phone rang and it was you.
Kevin has to fly out to Shanghai for a few days. He will be back on Tuesday.
Hollywood is the movie capital of the world. It is located in southern California. It produced gangster movies, detective movies, musicals, western films, horror movies, documentarist, psycho - dramas and science fiction movies.
Bob will give the book back to the girl he lent to last month.
excuse me, but I have to use the phone first.
Karren and Tim will see each other around.
how good are you at sports? Janice is terrible at sports, but she loves to watch sports. She goes to football or baseball games a lot and reads sports magazines every week. She exercises about two hours a day. She does aerobics three times a week and plays badminton with her husband.
Alice's father is 90 years old and he lives alone in a big house. He doesn't like to ask anyone for help. His grandmother was stubbornly independent.
this little wooden stick is called a tee. For the first drive, put the golf ball on the tee, push the tee into the ground. Then, pick up a wood and hold it like this. For a second drive, position yourself, swinging the club, and hit the ball hard.
excuse me, but there is nobody sitting here. There is a no - smoking sign on the window.
are the ceremony and reception held in the same place? Most people are married in a church and then the wedding party and guests go to another place for the reception. Sometimes, they hold the reception in a big room in the church. In China, the reception is held at the home of the bride. In the US, the bride's family is responsible for the entire wedding - arrangement, costs, etc. so the reception takes place at her home.
The boss is planning to sell the company.
and the cover is great ! the colors are brilliant, but he doesn't care about the colors. He just likes the hot babe on the cover. He is a subscriber to 10 fashion magazines. He will throw out the out - dated issues.
i ' ve moved.
we are going out for dinner and to the movies.
Debbie will join Kenji and others for dinner at the new Thai restaurant on university avenue tomorrow night.
mr . lee and his wife will attend a dinner party at his home next Friday night. They will have a formal sit - down dinner for the holidays. He has invited four other couples and everyone from his company.
do you know who that tall man is? He's a big shot.
you are blue in the face , arn ' t you ? _sent a picture of a cat that has eaten my fish. I will kill it.
Michael had just bought a new motorcycle and he let me ride it last night. I liked it and would like to buy a bicycle instead of a motorcycle.
i passed history test. He sent the label.
mr. Ben likes the book he received from Mr. Ben.
how do I buy my textbooks? _sent_c99_label has his book list for his class. He will go to the bookstore today and meet with the used textbook man.
is there anything wrong with your food this evening. The fish doesn't taste fresh. Miss will order a steak instead.
Bill doesn't know what to get his mom for Christmas. Last year he got her a ring that was two sizes too big and a pair of shoes five sizes small.
Shadow - boxing is one of the morning exercises that I do.
He loves a blonde girl. He once gave her seven roses.
would you recommend some places for sightseeing in Great Canyon?
Margaret and Greg are coming to Chicago at the beginning of August. They will play some golf, go to a baseball game or go jogging in the park. They gave Margaret a garden party in England.
did you punch in ? _sent_c99_label yes.
i like the kid because he's lovely.
John seems to be in high cotton. He may become a big shot.
My son began to cry the moment we got on the train. They took the over - night train and the noise made it difficult for other people in the cabin to sleep. They went to the seaside. He was excited to see the blue sea and picked up many seashells to give as a gift for his classmates in kindergarten.
Vince is going to work for Webtracker.
Life is boring. If I didn't have to work, I would be happy.
have you signed up to join the company’s Christmas party. will you join the party.
my father ’ s angry face always makes my blood run cold.
The girl got in dutch with her boss and is now pounding the pavements.
crossed cousin marriage is not allowed in China.
Susan is going swimming this afternoon. An will play tennis with her daughter at the club on Wednesday afternoons.
do you have a girlfriend? Yes, he came to know a girl three weeks ago and they have a lot in common. He thinks he may fall in love with her. She jogs every morning and he likes dogs.
what book is that? i just bought a new atlas. It's a map of the world.
Peter's favorite comedy is "Ace Ventura, Pet Detective" and "Jim Carry".
how about a movie tonight at 7 o'clock.
i is going shopping and needs to borrow $ 50 from you.
do you have any siblings and how do you get along with them?
what do you think of the test?
i think that the company retreat should be in the mountains this year. January would be a good month for a mountain retreat. April might be a better time for it.
He won't remember white day, so you should make sure he does.
Julie and Alex are getting married. Alex's best man is organizing the bachelor party. They are going to play drinking games, get him some gag gifts and have a good time.
"Death on the Nile" is not the book that she's reading. She saw the movie and wants to borrow it.
our son is gone and my heart is gone too.
There is a garage sale around the corner where people check out cars.
it ' s amazing to me how international business has become . take my store for example. On any given day, you will find imported items from more than 20 different countries on the shelves. Most of the imports from China are low - grade plastics or toys. Japan and Germany produce good mechanical and electronic exports.
we still have one more day to go before we return home. There is a lager motor company nearby which is open to the public every weekend. They can go on a factory tour. factory tours are free.
here , let me get the door for you, thanks.
are you still on your summer vacation and when will school start?
i had a terrible week. I fell down and hurt my arm, my son drove into a tree, the dog bit the delivery boy, and a storm blew the roof away.
Mr. smith hasn't met his wife, mary, but his new Chinese friend, mr. wu, has.
This is my house and I want to show you around it.
It's not alive, but it breathes.
are you studying here in the eastern asian language department and are you majoring in Japanese.
some people are easily flimflammed.
Karl Roberts will be the teacher for intercultural communication class. The class meets on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 3:15 to 4:50. grading is determined by performance on a midterm and a final test.
Janet has got a new job at the united investment group. Tom inherited a lot of money from his uncle. He will probably invest most of it to save up for when he retires.
Julia saw two men fighting beside her door this morning. They are the two brothers living next door. It's said that the father's will caused the dissension among the brothers.
Sharon wants to go home, but it's 12 o'clock on Saturday night and she has nothing to do tomorrow, so she will stay out and drink with her friends. Sharon was wild when she was in Taipei. Sharon's friends are smoking marijuana, but she doesn't like it.
Michael has a new roommate, Bob, who moved in last week. He is a nice guy, but his girlfriend creeps him out. They invited him out to dinner tonight, but he doesn't know how to talk.
When you pass go, you collect $ 200. When you ask the bank for money, you have to ask for it.
Cathy and Allen are going to the concert this evening. Cathy will pick up Allen at six.
david and ac are playing a game tonight. David is nervous.
There are a lot of new teachers in the class this semester. The English teacher is a good one. The math teacher is boring.
don ' t cover up your sadness. let it go.
can a resort recommend a resort to me in the yellowstone national park.
bobby is going to learn how to play chess from his daddy. He will play with the white pieces and Bobby with the black ones.
Elitherbeth lost her wallet in the theatre last night. She has already called the police station and they are looking for it.
well , it 's too bad that they don't like the same kinds of movies. They will go to a horror movie.
Karren and Tim will see each other around the world.
Jared's father is in the hospital resting. Jared's mom is worried about how she is doing. Jared will go with his mom to the hospital tonight.
All right, but she doesn't like black shoes.
Bob has accidentally damaged Bob's bike.
Sue's sister is a lawyer. She lives in Seattle, but she's working in Washington, D.C. right now. Her job is top secret.
I was fired last week. After the tour, he will have a rest and then go to find a new job.
your face is so red, you must running a temperature and you have a severe headache.
He got the scholarship to Harvard. He is a hard worker.
What happened to you yesterday was that you fell over on the way to work and broke your phone, so you didn't come to work.
David and David will go to a bar. It's noisy in the bar.
what happened with that guy at the cafe and why she's crazy about him. She only knows him through the internet.
It's Kate's birthday. Miss Zhang sent her a birthday present.
This place is quiet and peaceful, but it's different from my pad at city. She doesn't mind coming out here for a while, but she'll get bored soon.
i don't stand a chance of passing the exam.
have you been to Britain many times on business. You go to London twice a year, but sometimes you go three or four times a year.
i plan to emigrate to Canada. He hasn't found a suitable job yet.
Mary will meet with him at 5:00 pm.
 have been to Shanghai three times in the last year and haven't been to the top of the pearl tower.
are you enjoying your trip to new orleans and would like to go to a jazz club tonight. He has been to several jazz clubs here and has been on a riverboat tour twice this week. He hasn't been to the theater in a long time, but he will go to the Sanger Theater tonight.
what sort of music do you like? _sent_c99_label likes Prince's 80s music. He is one of his favorites. He doesn't have a favorite band, but he is always in search of new music to listen to. He usually goes to see a live band about twice a month. There is an open mic night at the pub down the road every Thursday night. He will come along next week with me.
i want to try a different hair style today. She wants to have her hair cut a few inches short.
would you please tell me something about the agriculture and industry of new zealand?
Sue has just had her new poems published. Her brother is going to study in the UK.
How long have you been in Taiwan for? About 3 years. Where did you grow up? Providence, rhode island.
what are you doing? She is going to have some plastic surgery. She wants to get liposuction, a nose job and some breast implants.
what time is it by your watch? It's 2: 42.
so how much should he gamble? He should gamble one - hundred dollars. He will play blackjack.
i just won the lottery.
i didn't expect to see you at this hour. You goofed off again and will probably get a bag.
professor has read my paper. He thinks it's a good one, but recommends narrowing down the topic to water pollution.
look , it's all water over the dam now. Let's leave it behind us.
many people say it's a good story, but I think it's boring.
how good are you at sports? Janice is terrible at sports, but she loves to watch sports. She goes to football or baseball games a lot and reads sports magazines every week. She also likes to exercise. She does aerobics three times a week, and plays badminton with her husband.
i had broken up with him. She is going to drown her sorrows.
My brother started investing money when he was 16 years old.
It costs ten cents a copy to use the copy machine. The instructions for the copier are posted on it.
Mom got a necklace for mother's day from her son. They are going to have dinner tonight.
Julia Roberts' acting is ok, but so is her personality.
The weather is hot today.
It's a beautiful day today. The weather is neither too hot nor too cold.
excuse me, I want to study mandarin and international relations at the university. I am from Taiwan and I came here to study political science. My characters are bad and my english needs work. I will bring my textbook and a tape recorder to practice with him. They will meet at 10 on Monday to practice chinese and English.
could we possibly discuss my salary some time. My salary isn't enough to live on. He has a wife and a child to support. He would like a 5% raise. He will take on extra responsibilities and be responsible for scheduling. He'll get over - time for any extra hours he works.
Your knowledge of English is surprising.
Are you watching the soccer match tonight? Manchester United and Manchester United are playing.
Tom and his wife are going to spend their holidays abroad this year.
David took part in a Chinese contest and won a trip to China. He doesn't have to pay for the trip.
your search on this project has been excellent. The final report is exceptionally thorough and well done.
i 'm exhausted after the new exercise. She will go to the next class tomorrow morning.
It's Mary's birthday. She will have a cup of tea and a small piece of cake. Before she blows out the birthday candles, she has to make a wish.
does anyone mind me turning on the air conditioning, because it's hot in here.
more and more women don't want to stay at home and keep house now. Many people think that women's liberation is a kind of civilization. Children are getting less love from their mother because of that.
Everybody enjoyed your performance tonight. I sent a check for a little extra.
graham and Jane are partners in their science lab. amy is jealous of them. There was lipstick onraham's right cheek. His aunt Mary just flew in from Cleveland and she laid one on his cheek.
what are you doing this weekend? I'm going to the cinema on Friday night. On Saturday night, I'll have dinner with you.
Alex gave a presentation on the marketing strategy for their marketing strategy next year. Kristin helped Alex with the slides. Alex took Alex's feedback on pricing strategies.
Fred is listening to Jay Chou's new album. He is crazy for a song combining Chinese and western music styles.
are you sure that this is the place to wait for the school bus? It doesn't look like a real bus stop, but it's free and it's a yellow bus stop.
how is Jim recently and where is he?
she lives a happy life after marriage.
excuse me, are you american and what do you do for work? You have been here for 2 months.
excuse me, I bought a sweater yesterday, but when I got home and tried it on, I found it was too small. I want to exchange it for a bigger one.
Carole met him just before she took off from Kitty's. He couldn't make it because his car died again. Carole will let him know if she runs into him.
hi , it is a pleasant surprise to receive a message from you.
how do you celebrate Thanksgiving in the US? family members will get together and enjoy a big Thanksgiving dinner. They say prayers before dinner. The kids will have fun.
Jennifer davies blew the final and now her parents are going to get mad at her. She's the one who always kisses up to the teacher. Yesterday she walked up to Mr. Edward's desk and said "good morning" to him.
is the chinese team taking the lead? No, it's the Japan team, which always plays a dark horse.
 work starts at eight and ends after six, so you have to work all day. You can take a break at lunch time, but it's only 30 minutes.
Last night I had a big argument with ann. They were planning to go to the beach this weekend, but Ann's boyfriend made plans and she called me up to tell me that.
The wage has not been paid yet. Henry will lend him some money.
Devon's advice to lose weight is to exercise a lot and play sports.
i don't think the manager will get mad at you for being late.
i hear you are moving to Dalian and will miss you.
May and Daniel will go to the beach this weekend. It's been a long time since they climbed the mountain.
John has been queer in the head since his accident and has been like that since.
what are you doing tonight? You have to go to the grocery store to buy food and milk. You have been using the store across town for years.
i ' m happy to see you again and so are you.
what will happen to the children if you break up with john.
My parents reminded me that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s. I have no time to go on a date so I will find one myself. Three minutes video date is an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam.
hi , dear , i ' ve got your voice at last. I'm thinking of you.
did you watch the movie program on Channel 6 last night? Yes, I did. It's a horrible movie.
i hate to see the abuse of animals.
Bob has a new computer. He will help him set it up.
Mr. Jones and Miss Bell met at the airport after a long time.
Rocky six is coming out this Friday, but I don't know if it's going to be any good. I want to see it this Saturday.
It's almost Christmas. Tom will try to go shopping with Tom this weekend. He will call him on Friday to find out if he can go.
can I borrow these magazines from the circulation desk by filling in the slip and taking it to the desk.
i never watch foreign films because they're too boring. Jason thinks first blood is a good movie, but it's not.
John and anna are breaking up.
Charlie is going to his parents' house for his father's 50th birthday. He will go to a movie with Charlie tomorrow night.
i was wondering if you could help me to get a library card. You will need to fill out a form and hand in your driver's license.
The boss asked me to beef up in the work and made me unhappy.
Joanne and Joanne are bored and don't know what to do today. They don't have any hobbies. Joanne likes to doodle on the notepad and play the piano.
Jack told Martha that he was on a date with Sara. He will explain to Sara that they are just friends next time he sees her.
shall we go to the new Chinese restaurant for a meal this evening.
mr. martin is on his way back to Beijing. He will miss him.
People say that you never have a real winter in the south china, but in Kunming there was a winter with snow in the spring city.
can you tell me where I can park in the student lot or on the street.
How easy is it for a Chinese to get accustomed to the western culture after more than five years of living in America.
there are things that are even smaller than atoms.
guess what I have brought for you. It's a bouquet of flowers.
 supervisor is watching a football match. His neighbors complained that he was too noisy.
Kevin's type is girls who like to have fun and aren't too serious.
are you free tonight?
i can't decide what to do today. She might go swimming, but it's cold.
My car won't start. My friend thinks it might be the spark plug or the starter motor. If you step on the accelerator pedal, it can flood the carburetor.
i have quit my job.
do you have a copy of today’s newspaper? I want to check the results from the world athletics championship. We got gold medals in three events. The men won the 110 metres hurdles, the high jump and the women’ s 1500 meters. The woman who won the 1500 meters broke the world record by 2 seconds. A Russian man broke the discus record. The best athlete in the long jump took third place.
Ellen sent Jim a picture of an outfit she thinks looks terrific.
Mike is going to gamble on the world cup tonight. He will bet on France.
The house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all the furniture.
John is sick and has to stay in bed. He will do more exercises after he is healthy.
did he go to university? He graduated with a ba in English from Qingdao university a few years ago. He has applied to four universities and has been accepted into all of them. He would like to go to Leeds, Manchester and London. He hasn't applied for grants or financial aid.
excuse me, I will read the newspaper for a few minutes. train 10 will be on time.
would you like a cup of coffee? The machine is out of order.
you seem to like her very much. She has a three - year - old girl.
There are a lot of environment problems in the world today. climate change and over - farming are causing farmland to turn into desert. The destruction of the rainforests and desertification is also a problem. damaging the environment leads to conflict between people. You could join an organization committed to protecting the environment.
Going to the cafeteria is not my type of food. I am a total meat lover. They have been serving the chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days now.
how old are you ? |
Alice will look after the dog for him. He wants to ask her if she would like to be his girlfriend.
Lucas has just moved in next door to Barbara. He will get some tea and some grape juice. Barbara will get him some chinese tea and a tea set.
i am going to report her boss for sexual harassment. She is fed up with his sexist and patronizing attitude.
Thomas has not seen his lady close to him since he came from the country. He finds her beautiful. She sings too.
Will not be able to have dinner with you tonight as he has to work overtime.
It's going to strike 12 o' clock. The celebration of the new year has just started. Rose and rose will make new year calls on family relatives on the first day and on the second. They will bring some gifts. They had a tour to Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Thailand and Hong Kong last year.
you seem to be very hesitant about doing things.
One of my neighbors has a dog and it makes a lot of noise in his apartment.
Johnny wants to borrow thirty thousand dollars from his dad to invest in the market. There has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently. There have been half a million layoffs in the last few months and there is uncertainty about the stimulus package.
What can be done to stop smoking? stop producing cigarettes and printing a warning on each cigarette packet would be better.
do you like playing computer games and board games. If you give me some hints about playing a ps2 game, I will show you how to solve the rubik ' s cube.
a beautiful center.
Mary has to take the math and english evaluation tests before she leaves.
i have a bone to pick with you and want to clear the air with you.
The godfather and the godfather ii won an Oscar for best picture.
it is obvious that their government is nursing the hope of having all other countries over a barrel and bring them completely under their control. What can we do about it.
This is today's schedule. There will be a conference with the department managers at eight thirty, live for the workshop at 9 o'clock. At 12 am, they will lay the corner stone for the new plant. They will also award prizes to the staff.
Margaret is a terrible gossip and tries to start problems among other employees by spreading rumors and telling lies about her co - workers.
thanks a lot for having us for a party.
Bill met Bill through a computer bulletin board at the local coffee house called the San Francisco net. A chat session links you with cappuccino sippers in other cafes and also to home computers on the network. A private session lets two people talk alone. After 8 pm, Bill will tag along and watch how they talk.
have you seen that house? I love it very much. The house is at least more than 100 years old. The door is locked and the reception office is inaccessible.
have a nice weekend and have some plans.
what did you major in and what is your specialty? I major in chemistry.
The national day is coming and nobody knows what to do.
John hasn't finished reading the novel by Dickens borrowed from the library. He got a cold two days ago and only finished reading half of it. After three days, he will come to John for the other half.
ouch ! | shudder!
Lilly has been on holiday for the winter holiday. She had a get - together with her schoolmates at the high school and read a couple of books.
American men and women are business - like in their relations with each other. Boys and girls are raised together and go out together.
It's a nice spring day. The sky is clear, the sun is shining, there is a cool breeze and it's not too hot. They're going to have lunch in the shade.
are you going to the cafeteria downstairs and will get me a takeaway. I have some urgent work to finish.
What is your weight? 150 pounds. You need to go on a diet.
Professor Johnson is a terrible instructor and demands a lot, but he's an easy grader. He grades on a curve. He got an a - last semester, but none of his test scores were high.
so how long have you known Mary for and how long has it been four days.
A year has passed and it's time to say goodbye to the last year and say hello to the new year. She wants to be healthier this year, so she will take more exercise and learn biochemistry.
It's the weekend again. It's fine to do whatever he wants. He will take photos on the lake at sunset.
Jane has a slipped disc in her lower back and will need to make a claim. She will have to make some claims. Jane will explain to Jane how the company's insurance policy works.
i decided to go for this kind of life. It's not an easy take.
how are you and how are you doing? I will show you how to find the newspaper article.
wow, american football is more exciting than I thought. The giants are up by three points because of the field goal they kicked, but the redskins have the ball and are close to the end zone. A player tackled a player so hard his helmet came off. The referee called a penalty on the home team.
Jack wants to see a picture of Jack's new puppy.
i'm going to Ireland this summer. She doesn't want to take her children along.
There is a new feature film on.
Su is seven. She is going to have a party for her birthday.
i don't like the hero of the film.
Honey is going to be a father soon.
Paul and Jane are at a party. Paul is in finance. Jane works for an accountancy company.
are you still working day and night?
The stepmother couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face, so she sent him a couple of messages that made him unhappy.
Sara wilson will help Tom with his bags.
Mike will take his feet off the table as he forgot something on the table.
may I check out this book from the library? I need to get a library card. You can apply for one right now.
but the auction is a blast ! and i haven't even told you the best part yet ! I don't care what you say about the auction. I'm not buying anything.
i have two weeks off and will stay at home. Her parents have rented a condominium in Florida. She is going to take long walks along the beach and do lots of swimming.
i can't stand the stupid guy any longer. She wants to talk with him and teach him how to deal with the problems.
did you sign up for the picnic party? Yes, and you can bring your daughter.
frank is going to a casual party tonight. Last night he went out with some journalists for a Casual party, but he was overdressed.
T he nineteenth of June is my birthday. I'm planning to have a small party.
A hacker broke into the company's files and got all her personal information. She got ripped off.
how many courses do you have for this semester? eight altogether.
i ’ ve always wondered the difference between english for chinese students and english for native students.
Helen will take her passport, traveler's check and some foreign currency. She will also get a new suitcase for him.
My new business phone quit working last week and I haven't had a chance to buy a new one yet, so I've been living without a phone for a week.
 bill coughed a lot in the evening. He needs smoking to stay awake at work. He should give up smoking.
what are your weekend arrangements ? There are many things one can do on the weekend. Most of the time, I go with some of my friends to scenic spots. On Sunday morning, I have swimming and cycling practice. In the afternoon, I ride my bike around the city or along the country roads for almost two hours. I swim in the city's swimming pool and go to the beach with friends.
Joe's boss came down on him because he bad mouthed him.
i'm sorry for spilling his drink on the rug.
Nancy has just broken up with her boyfriend.
The aquamedic pool is included in the half - day package. You can choose three different sea water treatments.
are you going to helen's birthday party on Friday evening. She invited a lot of people. A few people couldn't come, but they will be able to get into her house. You will bring a birthday present and a bottle of wine. She has bought a lot food and snacks.
i hated the hand - me - downs to wear when I was a kid.
shall we have two tickets for for 7.30?
what did you do last vacation? I learned to drive and got a driving license.
Barry is too ambitious and dishonest. Paul is more sociable and honest than his brother.
Mark and susan are going to watch a movie tonight at 6:30 pm at the cinema. Jenny will go with them.
It's a boy or girl.
what do you think are the most important things to do when running a business and how can a business maximise revenues?
This paper absorbs water so quickly.
John's father died and he doesn't know how to face the music.
Rick fields and Bob Copeland are commentating on the second half of the 2022 world cup. ecuador and Brazil are tied.
Jake is new to the choir. He will sing alto for the next perforate. Tonia will sing baritone.
Fred is getting married next Monday. She is happy to be his wife.
The fish are biting today. They are catching most of their fish with lures and live bait. They haven't even gotten a nibble with the worms. He doesn't have any worms in his tackle box. He will try fishing by the lily pads.
John has been to China for the first time, but he has travelled to many other countries. He has also been to Europe and the United States.
what kind of movies do you like, sue ? _sent_c99_label he likes all kinds of movies. He loves romance.
By the way, it's Thursday today.
what will you do now? propose to her.
Would you allow me to drive your car?
i could get along fine without all the office politics. The company was awarded government funding last year and has to hire new employees to keep it. Someone in the main office has a nephew who he thinks can slide into the management position.
Hanson is going back to London tomorrow. He will miss his friend Hanson.
what are you reading? It's an article about language. english is the main global language. Esperanto would be an artificial language. English is already a second language in most countries.
Shelley wants to have lunch with her, but she has a lot of paper work to do. They will have lunch another time.
The neighbour's tape recorder is so loud that it annoys them to death.
welcome to our school. If you need any help, please come to me.
what do you think about violence in movies? I'm not for it.
i know you are a good dancer. She likes the old styles of dance such as fox - trot, waltz, rumba, tango and so on. Most young people like modern dances such as rock and roll, so she should like modern dance.
can you help me do an internet search on world war two. I want to find information on normandy landing.
John and Mary don't want to redo the poster for me.
Today there are no clouds in the sky and there is a beautiful view of St. James park and Buckingham palace. Hyde Park is on the other side of the palace. It's the place where people make speeches on Sunday.
John was on vacation in Australia and New Zealand. He went bungee jumping. He jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet.
how ’ s the food? It’s pretty good. I eat dog food when my parents are out. I’ve eaten fast food the whole week and I hate it.
Dan wants to increase salary this year, but it's too expensive.
i ’m sure you never dare to go against your wife as she always has better ideas.
i 'm calling to say good - bye. He's catching the eleven o'clock train.
can we have two tickets for this evening's titanic film? They want to sit in the front row. They will take the second row.
There are 6 people coming for the dinner tonight. Paul and Marcia cancelled at the last moment.
It has been raining hard all day long. It's cold and raining. The rainy season lasts about two months.
would you like to go skating with me this afternoon, but she has to clean her dormitory.
how long can I keep these books for? They are due by the due date. If I can't finish them by then, I have to bring them back to the circulation desk and renew them.
are you excited about your trip to Europe next month, but you are also afraid of flying.
Rachel is going to throw a party tomorrow night at 6 o'clock. Monica and Ross will come.
how could you have done that without asking me first ? i didn't realize you felt so strongly about it. You should have asked me first.
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight? He will pick you up at 7.30.
how are you getting along with your paper? It's difficult. You should hand it in before Sunday.
would you like to come to their party? He failed three courses today.
i had a terrible journey back from bangkok last week. The taxi that was taking me from the client's office to the airport broke down on the freeway. The driver didn't speak any English or Chinese. He didn't have a phone on him and his radio didn't work, so he couldn't get in touch with the office to send another taxi. A passing truck picked him up. He drove slowly and I missed my flight. I didn't get home until four in the morning.
do you have change for a hundred ?.
There are new rules about using cell phone at work. You should turn the ringer off and find a private place to make calls.
April Fool's Day is a day when people play tricks on others.
daniel can't catch up with his english teacher. He needs to take an additional course in an english school.
Coco has never been seen before.
Susan is a lawyer. Joseph and susan are friends. matt is a good looking man. Joseph doesn't know him, but his sister does.
i ’ ve gotta hand it to you but you deserve a promotion.
are you going abroad to study or not?
billy overslept and is late again. The manager is in his office today. He might be mad at her.
Sam will lose money if he doesn't sell his shares now.
ann invited us to dinner this Saturday afternoon. We should take a china vase.
which of the two radios is better for the kitchen? I want to buy the cheaper one.
did you have a good weekend? Yes.
what do you do for a living? I'm a doctor. I like it. I'm also a bus driver.
Sam doesn't want to go to the folk concert. Sam likes travelling, swimming, going to the cinema, painting, sailing, watching football and talking to Sam.
you want to go to the movies tonight. twilight is a new movie about a couple in love but can't be together because they are different.
what kind of person do you consider yourself to be? I think I'm polite, careful, relaxed and shy. I'm always chatting with new people when we go to a party.
Bobbie and John won't be invited to the party.
Mr. Thomas wants to see the profit statement for new project tomorrow morning.
is this a photo of your family? It is. It was taken just before she was leaving for college.
 can speak Japanese, but not very well.
Mary will never forget the first time she met Mary in the cafeteria.
May's skin is too weak to be exposed under the summer sun. She used all the sunscreen she had on the way over. She hates her new hat, because it doesn't work.
do you know much about computers? They are used for accounting system and things like that, but they are also used for other things. They were used to buy a ticket for the flight to Paris.
It's time for me to go now. I would rather you typed the letter.
which season do you like best? I like spring.
John's father isn't there. It's the first of April, April Fool's Day.
i ' ve booked an air ticket to venice for a week.
The ink was spilled on the desk and on the table cloth, but it didn't spill on the clothes. It was dirty.
Mr. Smith is a happy married man. His wife and his wife understand each other. Mrs. Smith wears the pants in the house.
The country is strong only in its appearance.
Elaine is back from school. Mr. Robinson hasn't seen her since high school. Elaine and he don't get along. Elaine will tell him to take her out.
it smells like an ashtray in here. It's because she's going to cut down on smoking.
Jack is planning a weekend camping trip. He wants to know which weekend is best for everyone.
The temperature is going to drop dramatically tonight and you should dress warmly.
Dave didn't pass the english exam. He should read aloud every day and speak more.
The answer for number 6 is c, 7 is b, 8 is a and 7 is a again.
A man is baking bread. He is handsome.
i don't know what to do about finding a job. The university doesn't have a job for him. He's a foreign student. It's illegal for him to work in America. He needs to find a job to pay his rent.
i have some photos of Jiuzhaigou valley taken by myself. He will get fuji 200 film for taking photos of natural beauty.
excuse me, professor, will meet with you tomorrow at three o'clock.
Boys and girls start school together at five. Some children go on to university. They take o levels and a levels first.
Trevor and Mike went out last night. It was Mike’s birthday yesterday. They went to a couple of local bars and drank a lot. Trevor and Mike drank too much and Trevor got sick. He missed work today. Tracy's going away party is tonight.
Claire is stressed because she has a lot of work at the end of the year. She can't sleep, she doesn't have much of an appetite and her husband says she's been kind of short tempered. Stress has been a part of the human condition for millions of years.
Last night Mary met a great guy at the bar and they decided to meet again tonight. They have a lot in common. They like the same teams, music, and chinese food. Mary has a radar that helps her spot new friends.
i must go now. My family is expecting me home soon.
when you are in a restaurant you want the waiter to bring the bill, what do you do to attract his attention and tell him when he comes over to the table. Yesterday evening he walked along the canal for a couple of miles. He saw Bill and waved at him as he passed.
guess what ? |
i don't like the movie, but I've already paid for the tickets. I'll listen to the music instead.
excuse me, miss, I'm a graduate student from China. I've just come back from China and want to learn how to use the western library. I'll come back at 3.30 this afternoon to show her around the library.
don't open any of my forwards, because I got a virus.
say , do you go to see your grandparents often and why.
i will buy ten golden lily flowers for his girlfriend. He will add baby's breath to them. They will be delivered to his girlfriend's house this afternoon.
Julie and Julie are frustrated with the amount of commercials on the tv. They want to change to another channel, but there's nothing to watch.
A woman keeps spitting on the ground.
Galileo is one of the revolutionaries.
did you go to the bank to withdraw money? today is hot and there was a lot of housework to do. My friend came for a visit and stayed for two hours. He didn't bring his dictionary with him.
uncle will lend his new car to me only once. He has a big date tonight.
Betty will throw a dinner party this weekend, but she will be a little late.
It's going to be a nice day. It's supposed to get cloudy and windy again this afternoon.
david has lost his job.
you look very professional in the suit.
Mark is a nice guy and always bends over backward to help those who are in need of help.
did you tip the bellboy three dollars and fifty cents a bag. The bellboy looked disappointed. The fare was twenty dollars and the tip was five dollars. The cab driver was polite and informative.
thomas will lay the table for me.
William's grandmother has cancer and has only a few weeks to live.
The boss is going to announce a pay raise today.
do you like to dance sometimes, if there is music playing.
Mom clipping coupons is a good way to save money.
Taylor got a message from Femi. She was out of town with femi.
If Eric asked her out on a date, she would say yes. If she won the lottery, she'd buy two tickets for a trip around the world with him.
wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate in the lantern festival. There are also characters on the lanterns.
do you have s second ?   sure . what do you want to tell me? I put in my notice. I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market. I have been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I haven't received a pay rise.
Tom has a new assistant, but joe didn't like her.
What a boring film.
John is a sales manager in a publishing company. The company publishes mostly fiction. He has worked there for a long time.
are you planning on studying abroad or not?
i feel pity for the old man and send him a message.
dad is talking about his family in new zealand. His uncle bill, his wife and two daughters are coming to visit him in New Zealand.
She will leave me tomorrow.
i like pop music very much, because it's lovely.
i will help Lucy with a magic love potion. She will stay at our house and greet him when he wakes up.
all right , let's see who is ruining my tv time. vic is coming over to watch TV.
i ' d like to say good - bye to everyone. My plane leaves at seven twenty - five and my plane is leaving at seven.
well , what brings you here ? _sent a message with the label "c99" to see his aunt.
Tom is going to sweep the floor and Daniel will clean the blackboard. Tom has finished cleaning the Blackboard and will get the podium.
i think he deserved his gold after his last dive.
Jim took a trip to San Diego for three days. He and his wife went shopping, went out to dinner and walked around the city with some friends. He sent a picture of his wife and daughter on the beach and one of them at the train station. They didn't go to the zoo.
are you interested in history? I enjoyed studying it at school, but I had trouble remembering the dates. My history teacher didn't give me good marks.
It's a beautiful day today. The weather is neither too hot nor too cold.
excuse me, sir, it's three forty - five. Today is Friday. The engineer has just come from the states. He has a business card and a phone number.
The scene of the hero's struggle with enemies impressed me the most. It has got this year's oscar award.
i just got a letter from an old high school buddy.
what did you think of the film ? _sent_trans_label i liked the film.
John is very late and it's late.
Bucks have such a great charm that people are after nothing else.
what are you using for bait today? We are fishing with worms. The fish are biting those too.
How is your ankle? It's right as a trivet.
Mount Tai is the head of five sacred mountains in China. In history, Chinese emperors used to climb onto these mountains to pay tribute to their ancestors and pray for good harvest and prosperity for the whole nation. There are many wall paintings and inscriptions on the mountain.
Cindy is scared to go to her homeroom 213, but she has to go there.
Helen is going to study economics at Chicago university for three years.
Someone is celebrating his 21st birthday in a bar. He doesn't need to pay a cent for the drinks.
have you adapted to the lifestyle in china. Some of your Chinese colleagues share their personal stories in front of others, which makes you feel uncomfortable. Some people stare at others' newspapers while reading.
A graduate student from China has just come from China and wants to learn how to use the western library. She will come back at 3:30 this afternoon to see it.
what ' s your apartment like ?  It's a furnished two bedroom flat in a three - story building on campus. The rent is cheaper than private housing. The contract ends in June, so students will have to find a new apartment soon.
There is a serious flood in the south, so I have to cancel my traveling plan.
Last night's t.v. show on animal rights was interesting.
excuse me, I want to take a picture of you and your little boy. It's for a book.
just dab it all over your face and then take a look at the symbols that appear. They are money bags.
Mary went on a date with John. They have a lot in common. He is tall and slim, fair - haired and handsome.
The concert last weekend was good. There was a folk singer, a violinist and a pianist.
The plane leaves in 20 minutes and will arrive in 10 minutes.
will you help me take these things to the car? He will put them in his wife's car.
have you received your towel test results yet? Yes, you passed.
You didn't come to work yesterday. You had to look after your son at home. He has a fever.
It sure is hot today.
There is a girl in his company that he really likes. He wants to ask her out for a drink after work, but he gets shy when she is around.
It's getting late and I have to leave. Thank you for the evening.
lisa and her brother will go to the library together. They will buy a newspaper and go to library.
Lucy is popular with people around her. She shares her knowledge with her colleagues. Some people take it personally.
how was your education going on in australia and where are you going to work after graduation? He is planning to return to China.
New Year's Eve is a special occasion for Chinese people. They go to a night club for dinner and dancing, then to the city square for the big celebration. There will be a fireworks display put on by the local government.
my name is mcdonald.
Tomorrow he will take his girlfriend to see a movie. He will see "The Cube".
could you help me to register for a psychology class. There are two psychology classes left. There is one class on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 to 4 pm. The other class is from 10-12 pm on Monday and Wednesday.
which season do you like the best?
How would you like your hair cut? She wants it short.
Lucy is back at school. She liked all of the teachers, except for the math teacher. Her english teacher was great and she gave a lecture on how to be a good student. Lucy will pass her class with flying colors.
i know you are sleepy, but she forgot to turn the alarm clock on. She will give you a lift.
A man wasannie's schoolmate in college. He has been pursuing her for three years.annie has had a series of miserable relationships. Last summer she fell in love with John, but the romance wilted.
how ' s work ?
The police are looking for a robber who robbed a bank. He's 6 feet tall, 200 pounds, black, with black hair and about 30 years old. He doesn't have a race.
what are the pop groups that you like and why?
Janice stole David's vegetables at four o'clock this morning. She also stole his peaches and flowers. David and Janice have a dog on farm.
Mom wants Tom Mitchum to come home for lunch with her tomorrow.
Old mc donald got married to his 84-year-old wife. He is her sixth husband.
Registration for the mathematics course has closed. The computer has already been sent to the state. The clerk told me I could come back and register any time during the first week of classes, but it's not possible. There was a woman in here when I tried to register three weeks ago, but I had to pay a late fee. She gave me the wrong information. The director will help me.
why didn't you tell me he had a girlfriend and he was going to marry her?
will you give your friends a buzz and put out a feeler to see if they would like to offer me a loan.
Jim doesn't want to go to the cinema with his wife, because his wife is expecting him. He's going to stay at home for holidays. His wife is going to her mother's.
Charles found an apartment in Haitian. He will come to pick him up at about 6.30 pm on Saturday.
Dora's favorite books are love stories, history books and history books.
What he meant was that the slower dances are danced to the lyrics of tragedies.
Is anybody in? She has a headache and a headache. She also has a fever.
can you tell me a little about paris. I want to see some of the famous places like the eiffel tower, the seine river, the louvre museum and the night life there.
The shirt you gave me is not my favorite brand.
Mozart and Beethoven concert is on the festival hall. They will go there.
did you take my money from the table?
Both our countries are small. The landscape in my country is very flat. There are some hills in the southeast, but they are only a few hundred meters high. The coast of my country consists of sandy beaches and rocks. The coastline of his country is varied.
James has just got the sack.
There is a new teacher. Her hair is blond and her eyes are dark gray. She is average.
Mary's marriage is on the rocks. Her husband had it out with her yesterday.
i don’t understand why teachers always look happy all the time. It’s easy for him because he always exercises.
The woman was beaten again. She didn't call the police because it was her husband who beat her.
The class is about to begin. The teacher wants to have a free talk in English with a student.
how was your job at the state - owned enterprise and why have you changed jobs again.
do you have a boyfriend? He came to know a girl 3 weeks ago and they have a lot in common. He thinks he may fall in love with her. She jogs every morning and loves dogs.
If you want to keep healthy, you must give up smoking. read the cancer sticks label on each pack of cigarettes.
what happened to the picture is not clear.
It was the first time that she made the dish and it was delicious.
Erik fell asleep while reading. He will write a cultural anthropology paper about the ancient civilizations of Mexico.
i really likes my debate class and would like to study law later. However, she's leaning more towards politics.
i dare you to talk to that girl.
hey , what ' s the matter ? _sent_transparency_label it doesn't matter, she just feels a little dizzy.
excuse me, but haven't we met before. david walker works at ibm corporation and he sent a message to David walker.
The last thing he wants to see is to lose face before his friends.
Kaitlyn and her husband don't want to have any children, because they are too expensive. She always wanted to have lots of children, but growing up with only one brother, she always felt a bit lonely. She spent 20 years of her life in her parents’ home.
i took the wrong bus and she's late.
Ana has been away on holidays for some time. She went to bangkok, Hong Kong, China and the Great Wall of China.
i think I need a new notebook. There is a new computer out on the market.
Is there a lot of crime in your city? A lot of it is petty crime, burglary and car theft. There are also drug addicts who need money for drugs. In my city there is a good drug rehabilitation programme. The police and courts are tough on people who commit crimes.
why do you like this computer?
what can I do for you today? I need to return a book and check out a video.
Bob and Jane are going to play together some time at the course. They both have 16 handicap. The course used to have carts, but they got rid of them because of environmental concerns. One of the caddies fainted last week and the caddy carried him back.
can I get you something to drink? I have a coke. I manage one of the ski lodges in Denver. It's a great job because I get to spend a lot of time outdoors and ski for free.
what are you doing with the map of the world? It's a geography class assignment for geography class.
i is having a little trouble understanding your accent.
what are your favourite steps? waltz, rumba, tango and tango are her favourites.
i heard many stories about your brother. He's a hero in our town.
Jack got divorced last month because he cannot support his family.
why do you look so sad and why are you in such bad shape? You have an allergy.
i 'll always remember my college days. It was one of the best times in my life. I became a college graduate. After graduation, I was planning to attend grad school, but then I was offered a job doing marketing.
Joe is hosting a dinner party for Ashley. Ashley will have rice and salad with her chicken.
How many days do you take off for easter? Usually, you have a month off.
Mary didn't pass the final exam in physics. Her parents scolded her severely.
John dates her seven times a week. He might have fallen for her.
My uncle gave me a bicycle as a birthday present.
i love your bracelet. Her boyfriend took her to the Shane co and let her pick it out. Her birthday is coming up. She would like to get a necklace or a ring from him.
Kathy likes traveling for pleasure, but she doesn't like waiting for buses and traffic jams.
hello , jane !
Today is the first match of the World Cup, which is the biggest sporting event in the world. There are 32 teams from 32 countries competing against each other for the trophy. The first match is between Mexico and South Africa.
Daniel often plays badminton with his parents. He also likes football.
professor will sign an add sheet to add a class to the admissions and records office.
Alice will help with decorating for her birthday party on Sunday around six pm.
did you understand question number three?
excuse me, I'm not happy with my room. The traffic is very loud and I didn't sleep last night.
what ' s the weather like in your city ? _sent_c99_label in the summer it gets very hot. There are thunderstorms every day in the afternoon. In the winter the temperature is about 15 or 20 degrees. The rain falls mostly in the winter. The river in my city sometimes freezes over. In summer people go boating on the river.
It's clearing up and the sun is shining.
Nancy has just started working at ibm, but she has worked there for years. Nancy's boss is the after sale survise director. Nancy doesn't believe she has met him before.
how do you think should I handle this problem with my boss. She always harps on me and she's bothering me.
Pollution has been making more and more water unable for drinking. indirect sources of water pollution include contaminants that enter the water supply from soils or groundwater systems and from the atmosphere.
Bill has decided to go steady with his favourite girl.
Robert will stop by to give a few pointers about coffee if things slow down later.
do you use an anti - virus program to protect your computer and also an anti- spyware program and a firewall. The anti- virus program finds a virus about half of the time. You can download it for free on the internet and you can also download updates for free. You have to go through the set up procedures.
i like pop music very much, because it's lovely.
John is under a lot of pressure at work. He has to finish two projects, but he hasn't finished them yet.
you don't look very well. You have a cold. It's been cold and windy recently. You don't like the weather here, but you're getting used to it. You're going for a trip to New York this autumn.
Jane was out to the match. Jane is on edge.
thanks for your help. I will let you know if I can do anything.
They are a middle - aged couple. They are not middle-aged.
how should we commemorate the centenary of the founding of the university? The university has been given a large budget to pay for some events. There will be a big party for the professors and students, a firework display, a series of presentations, a book signing by famous professors and former professors, and a short film.
Your knowledge of English is surprising.
Sam's name is Sam and he's from England.
John is a new student in the school. He wants to introduce himself.
have you considered upgrading your system and adding a painting program to your software. You would also need a faster processor, a more powerful hard disc, more memory and a faster modem. You don't have a cd - rom drive.
Jeanine is tired, but she's not quitting yet. She's going to window-shop.
Nathan and his girlfriend bought a house together. They are going to spend a lot of money on furnishing and decorating it. They want to sell it. Nathan doesn't like it.
i am not sure what to do during the holidays. She is interested in all of the options.
There is too much traffic in Taipei these days. People should use buses or trains to get to work instead of cars.
i want to try his hand at the stocks.
what do you think of the new mayor and his policies?
Du kun wants to reserve two seats at 100 yuan for the October 16th performance of 'Nut croakers'. He will collect the tickets tomorrow.
excuse me, but you are not supposed to take pictures in the museum. They have to confiscate your camera.
Mary didn't get the scholarship. She will have to try again next year.
How can I lose weight? Jim never eats breakfast.
A golfer needs 14 golf clubs. tiger woods are a set of golf clubs 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, pw ; woods are 1, 3, 5 and 5.
John from the head office had his car stolen. He pretended to have an epileptic fit to scare away the thieves.
are you a newcomer to this place and you speak good english, but you speak with a strong German accent.
do you still see the people we went to school with? I did for a while until I left university, but after that I lost touch with most people as well. I still see rose occasionally. She got divorced.
Helen does not relate well to her husband.
The weekend comes again. After five days of hard work, he's going to have fun.
Bill failed the english exam again.
did you have a good holiday?
how are you doing ?  I'm doing great. I saw "Forrest Gump" the other day. Other than watching movies, I like to play computer games, read books, go shopping and play pool. My favorite computer game is "Diablo". I go jogging twice a week. Next Saturday, I'm going to the bookstore and then to a party at my house.
thanks a lot for having us for a party.
Mike likes the flowers he got for his birthday. He is really touched.
Karaoke is becoming a popular entertainment. Tom is always out of tune. They will invite him to join them.
i won't be able to complete her paper on time because of difficulties in the experiment.
Jenny divorced her french husband after half a year of marriage.
Mrs. Lane usually does her shopping in the supermarket near the station. She bought some coffee and will tell me the price.
hello , what can i do for you ? I am looking for a host home. I will stay at least half a year.
She always helps her brother and supports him.
did you find what you were looking for when you had gone?
i think about going to China for a vacation this summer, but prefers France.
Jenny has a class on Friday after work. On Saturday Jenny's parents are coming to town. Jenny and Jenny will go out for dinner.
There is a typhoon coming.
do you want to go out for dinner tonight? They will go to the Taj restaurant. They will bring their own wine.
Martin went to the table tennis yesterday. Ma lin is his favourite table tennis player and he's his favourite player. He would like to see Ma Lin at a concert.
He is waiting for her. He is playing the piano for her on her request. He wants to know her name, her real name and her picture.
hello, I'm from California and I speak English.
did you hear what she said to him and what he should do about it.
There are three people in my family: my parents, myself and a flat near my work place.
ben always appears rude to the people around him and to others.
i 'm glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here. I'm doing great.
what do you think of the olympic motto ' higher , faster and stronger' as it is better than ' friendship first and competition second' which is the previous motto.
Chris is from a big family with seven children. His mother wanted to have one of her own. His father was an only child, but his mother talked him into having a large family. There are four children in his family and his grandparents can't get their names right. There is no privacy in the family as everything is used by his brothers and sisters.
John is not married and he doesn't plan to get married.
Miss fallen is going to the university of Tampa to do a postgraduate course for three years. She has a letter of acceptance from the university and a letter from her bank. She will get a student visa for one year.
It's a lovely day out today, but it's going to get cold tomorrow. It's supposed to snow early tomorrow morning and then freezing rain. There's a chance of freezing rain tomorrow afternoon. It will be slippery on the roads, so you might want to change your plans. If the class is cancelled, then you can have a snow day.
is there a city where it's always warm? San Diego is one of them. Most of the southern cities in the United States are hot all year. There are some cold cities, such as Boston and Chicago. It rains a lot in Seattle, Washington and Oregon.
Mark was late. He forgot about it.
It has been a long time since the last time they met. He hasn't changed his job, but he has been visiting relatives recently. He went to visit his uncle in San Francisco. They are going to have a coffee in a cafe.
Larry is a pain to work with, he makes careless mistakes and he's a pain in the ass, but he's also good at staying in budget on projects. Mary is smart and enthusiastic, but she spends the project money like there's no tomorrow. bob is a great co - worker.
You look pale recently. You have a lot of pressure in the company.
watch your step because there is a hole in the sidewalk.
Little Bob has recovered after the operation.
Anthony has been living with his parents for 40 years. He is finally getting married. The bridesmaids look beautiful. The flower girl and ring bearer are the groom's niece and nephew. The bride is coming now.
hello everyone , and welcome to our cpr for beginners course. I will demonstrate how to apply CPR in the case of cardiac arrest or pulmonary arrest.
Mr. Leo threw Sally out of class today because he caught her cheating.
Charles is my uncle. He is a captain.
oh , this is the famous emperor palace building. Would you like to go to the top?
i really should be on my way, but I don't have a ticket for the road yet.
hi, I have a fever and a bad headache. I will see a doctor.
Valerie and darlene haven't seen each other for a long time. Valerie went to a new hair salon and worked out three times a week. Valerie's son, Paul, graduated as a doctor. Pamela, Valerie's daughter, passed the bar exam and got married.
i need help preparing for my presentation on Friday. I will meet with him tomorrow night to discuss it.
i 'm angry and wants to kill someone.
let me see . how much should I pay for you.
John moved and held a party on July 1st. He's not coming back to school anymore. You can call him on weekends.
Edith Roth is the author of a book about moths. She didn't give him anything to drink.
How long will it take them to drive to London? It should be a two - hour drive on the motorway. They will travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey, because they will be in built - up area. The company car has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour.
Miss Sherman has run up a bill of 500 dollars for the junior executive room for three nights. The advertised rate is based on double occupancy. She will see if she can arrange a new bill to reflect it.
It was me who had moved the flower pots. She had to move it to get her bike through.
is anything the matter with his steak? It's too raw. The chef will return it to the kitchen and bring him one that is well cooked. He will also give him another calsberg.
Joanne has accepted the alimony proposal, the division of property and the custody agreement. She will keep the cat and the dog, while he will get the silver tea set.
Ed blew the exam and doesn't want to talk about it.
can I help you with my research on Roman civilization? I will check out the books about ancient history.
do you think you will ever work at that company again?
are there any seats left for Saturday night in the mezzanine? I still have five seats in theI still have 5 seats for Saturday.
The tickets for the show tonight are all sold out. The matinee starts at 3 p.m. tomorrow. She will take the tickets.
Jenny and Jenny will go on a picnic. Jenny will bring her camera and bring enough films.
After so many years of hard work, he wants to set up his own law office. If he needs help, he can ask me.
i can look anybody in the face because i ’ ve done nothing to make me feel guilty.
can I help you with my research on Roman civilization? I will check out the books about ancient history.
do you have much experience with kids? I have three sons, a grandson and a baby. I regret having a baby so early because my husband insisted on keeping the baby. My husband seldom stayed at home, so I had to take care of the children most of the time. My mother helped a little, but she could only baby - sit once or twice a week.
now i know why i split up with mike. He is a sagittarius and I am a cancer. According to astrology, Sagittarius guys are adventurous and risk - taking.
what does your father do? He is a worker. What about your mother?
It's my birthday on August 1st. My parents prepare dinner for me and have birthday cakes. They sing " happy birthday" at the party. The song was written in 1892.
Shih is looking for a book about nursery rhymes in the children's section of the library. She doesn't have a library card.
Dave might come to work with them. He will have to negotiate.
Kim brought her old maternity clothes plus Dave and Alice's baby clothes.
you got a letter in the mail. It's my acceptance letter from Ucla.
do you have any plan for your future and would like to go abroad, if possible.
Too bad you missed Jane's performance.
i went shopping without an umbrella yesterday morning. It was raining cats and dogs in the afternoon.
your garden is looking beautiful this summer. I have roses, tulips, and daffodils in it. I will prune the hedge this afternoon. The lower branches on the tree are hanging low, so I will cut them off.
The theater guild is supposed to call me and discuss a contract for my play this evening. He is late because his phone is disconnected. He will call the phone company and have them check his line. He and Ann will wait at ann's house to talk with the theater guild.
Linda doesn't want to eat any cookies or candies.
i'm catching the 11:00 train and will say goodbye to him.
i wonder if we can change to channel 26. He would like to see what's on that channel.
What happened to your brother is that he has gone ape over the girl. He has been like this for two weeks.
are you having a good time at the party? It's a great party, but there are some people that you don't know.
This is the first time for me to have a chinese guest. He likes western cooking. He will try the fish with white sauce.
i am not sure how to add a class. I will bring an add sheet next time. When you get the signed add slip, you must take it to the admissions and records office. The office is in the courtyard across the courtyard on the right. Follow the signs.
is the environment a big issues in your country ? it is in mine too. The biggest issue is water. Water is rationed in my country. Some modern household items, like washing machines, are not allowed as they use too much water. air pollution is a big issue in myCountry.
Mike is division chief of abc company. He has come to Toronto. He sent flowers to Anderson.
There is going to be a screening of final destination 3 at the campus cinema tomorrow. Jason will go to see it, but he won't go with Jason. Jason likes romance and comedy movies.
Helen baker is from New zealand.
congratulations on the new house. They love it.
Joe got married to Joe.
The boy next to the telephone is at the party. He is not familiar with him.
all the soldiers in that country are armed to the teeth.
Bob's ankle is sore. He will go to the hospital for treatment.
Hubert has a brilliant smile and is easy - going.
Summer is the best season for me. I prefer summer evenings and spring.
Betty doesn't know where her boyfriend is.
Paul and Susan are engaged. They will be married soon.
hello , mary how are you?
When were you born on the 20th of May 1963, it was the 27th day of the fourth month. The film will begin at 5:30 pm.
When the rain stops, you will see how beautiful the beach is. It has been pouring down for two days. The bedroom is too big and damp, but is better than a tent.
Sue's boss has been giving her a lot to do at work recently.
My uncle’s motorcycle was stolen a few nights ago. It was one of the best alarm systems available. The thieves disabled it on a crowded street and convinced everybody that the motorcycle was parked illegally and they were there to tow it away.
Mrs. johnson and her wife will come to Mr. Johnson's place tomorrow afternoon to have tea.
a friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days. He has learned a lot from it. He recommended me to subscribe to it. I am not sure if my current job is the best for me. If I take the course, I hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at work and to boost work relationships.
would you like any toast, tea or tea?
May I use the copier to copy some pages in my book. I need to pay ten cents for every copy. The instructions are posted on the machine.
You seem to be very tired, but you should join them for a walk.
Simon and Linda don't know each other yet.
New York is a great place, but the traffic is bad and noisy. There are a lot of restaurants around here, but it's almost dinner time.
i have been very busy this year, working late and taking work home.
what ' s that?" he asks. It's a surprise for him.
what would you like to drink ? |
I went bankrupt and I'm broke now.
good luck. i have a class in a few minutes.
Natasha's family came to visit her. They are her parents, her father, her two older brothers, her younger sister and her younger brother. Her younger brother is 10 years younger than her. She used to be the only child in the family.
don 't you think it might be a good idea to hold the party outside. Instead, you could go to a concert.
Every year in the south there are floods.
John will come over on Saturday to celebrate Mary's birthday with her.
It's cold outside. Jimmy will wear a hat and ear muffs after school.
jane can't dance, but she will come with them.
who is your favorite music composer? I listen to a lot of chopin.
It's a lovely day. He met the girl living under him today. She's American and single. He's thinking of inviting her to dinner for dinner sometime.
John is interested in the project. He is his boss's son.
 bill coughed a lot in the evening. He needs smoking to stay awake at work. He should give up smoking.
He stole my old silver car and my new car.
David took me to Mary last week, but he didn't like it. He thought the movie was too sick.
do you know how to go to the fragrant hills in Beijing, China?
Tom and his wife divorced. He is addicted to gambling and spends all his time gambling in the casino.
Professor's office is in the e building on the third floor. She will see him tomorrow afternoon between two and four.
Have you ever gone bowling before?
Cold blood has just finished its last cut.
Hectic. He tried windsurfing for a half - hour. He fell down fifty times. It cost him fifty dollars for the half - an hour.
how ' s your girlfriend ?
The weekend is finally here. He will get a screwdriver on the rocks for himself and a drink for the sir.
i think you should look over these figures again as there are some calculations that are a bit off.
You didn't show up in the morning meeting. You worked overtime yesterday to double check some statistics and important documents. The boss let you come one hour later this morning.
There is a killer sale at the shopping mall near their flat.
Bob will company me to the ball.
How do I look in the new dress? She wants to change it.
they must be your parents. They are professor and manager. They often take you out.
You did well on the math test. You always fail in the math tests. This time, though, you sat by a math genius.
i can't decide whether to go to university or get a job. My parents want me to major in English. My friends have jobs and fun, while I spend all my time reading and writing.
John's uncle and aunt came to stay with him for a week. They didn't call him in advance.
i want to buy two tickets for tonight's concert. She will buy two in row 6.
is this watch yours? It's not mine. It was a present from my father.
Today we are playing against hainan, the basketball team from no. 1 college. They are winning 27 to 26.
are you a smoker and have a husband who smokes 20 or more cigarettes a day. She had her first cigarette when she was 17.
The hiking was wonderful. They arrived at the park at 9 o ’clock in the morning and didn't leave till 3 o’clock afternoon. They had been walking for 6 hours.
you know them ?
Stanley, Ryan's best man, is throwing a bachelor party at a TV palace.
Jean has a new hat and earrings as a birthday present from her husband. She and her husband haven't received a single rose since they married.
whoa , whoa , what ’ s going on ? watch out !   hey, watch where you ’re going. I knocked you over. It was an accident. We met at Aaron's place last weekend.
James will come through to the living room to see the new furniture and the new carpet.
A gang is shooting on the next street. They need to leave.
People of different races are fit for different sports. Asians are good at tennis, badminton, diving and shooting. Chinese athletes at the Beijing Olympics won in all four sports. Africans are better at track and field sports.
This man has already married and is a father of two boys.
we seem to be lost. I suggest that we go and ask for help from the policeman.
It's crunch time for Vince. He needs more troubleshooters.
here is the song list of karaoke songs. It's your turn to sing a Chinese folk song love song of hanging.
what ’ s the plot of your new movie ? It’s a psychological thriller about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders. He has to catch the killer, but there is very little evidence. He plays the part of a detective. He will not do his own stunts as his insurance company wouldn’t let him do it.
The company trip will have to be canceled because of the typhoon.
i would like to meet Ella again. He will call her next week.
do you mind if I ask you to practice speaking English with me next weekend.
have you ever thought about your ideal home ?  I have always wanted to build my dream home myself. It would be spacious and located next to a park. There would be three bedrooms on the second floor with balconies on each, one main bedroom on the main floor with an attached en suite, a large living room and kitchen connected to it, a guest bathroom in the basement, and three upstairs bedrooms.
have you ever made any plan for your future? If possible, you would like to marry a handsome man and have two children. If not, you'd like to be a bachelor.
The mountains would be a great place for the company retreat. January is too close to the Christmas holidays. April would be better.
susan has got married.
i quit a restaurant and is looking for a job as a chef. Giovanni agreed to open another restaurant with him as the head chef and manager. Giovanni is prejudiced against Americans.
i just got sacked.
what do you do in your spare time? I listen to music and read in my spare time.
Sam doesn't like the weather and has never liked it since he got here.
what a surprise meeting you here as a tourist.
can we sit on the grass, darling? The grass is wet. The bench near the tree is wet, too.
A group of white color workers held a flour war in the office because of dissatisfaction with the year - end benefits. They got rice, flour and oil as presents, while the leadership got 1000 yuan shopping card. They don't cook by themselves.
David will have coffee. Mary will have a coffee.
hey ! i have a surprise for you. read the card.
There will be a pay rise for everyone.
There's going to be rain later, so it's not a good time to go for a drive.
how do you like this waltz? He invites her for the first dance. She is a good leader and she dances well. She also likes foxtrot and tango. Disco is her favorite dance.
Taylor walked by a nurse on the cancer ward at New York general hospital. She used to date him.
Jason is going to answer Jason's question about foreign films.
Sonny is leaving now and sent a message to his mum.
Alisan darling and Ad got hitched in vagas. Ad was having a fling with a new girl, but she dumped him too.
when do we get off the bus? They have been on the bus for a long time.
Arden has some problems with supervised goods. There were some complaints from consumers yesterday.
then i ' ll have to borrow it for a month. It's in mint condition.
hello, abc company, I am applying for a job as an accountant. I have sent you some courses that I completed.
Am allowed to check out at 14:00. There won't be a late charge.
There's going to be a highway here.
excuse me, sir, but you can't smoke here.
fred has made the plan for April 28th.fred will explain the details of the plan now.
i would suggest roast beef and clear and cream soup to him.
The ticket for the northern line is two yuan.
how do I set up an email account on yahoo.
excuse me but are you mrs. smith from America or Zhang Lin from Tianjin sports facility co. ltd.
do you have any particular conditions that you would like our firm to take into consideration ?   yes. My house is far away from here. The company offers me an apartment with two bedrooms and a living room. You will get bonuses at the end of each year according to your achievements and 1% commission on all your sales. You can have Saturdays and Sundays off. You may have a paid month vacation every year. You are expected to work overtime.
 ms white has booked two rooms for ms white and mr Webber from Wednesday the 25th to Saturday the 28th of September.
Room service is sorry for the delay in delivery of dinner. The order is on the way to the room.
May I help you? no, but maybe later.
Come to the botanical garden in the city. There are tall camphor trees, yew trees and peony flowers.
Frank is going to try Chinese wine. Mexicans drink a lot of liquors even on hot days.
i would like to make a reservation for tomorrow, but the place is fully booked. She will make it on the 4th.
Francis from xyz company will come to the office on Tuesday afternoon at 2:15 pm to talk about a new project.
a woman after my own heart has roasted three different types of coffee beans: mocha, mandheling and santos.
 morning, mom made a doctor's appointment for her. She will go to see the doctor. She made soup.
Will make a miniskirt for her. She will get it three days later.
Jim has to get up now or he will be late. The alarm went off 30 minutes ago.
May I have my bill, $ 20 in all, as it's $ 20.
The ticket machine has printed the ticket already.
so how long do you plan to live here? They will sign a year-long contract. They have signed them before.
After probation , you will find that some silk products feels more comfortable than others. The product selling well. The free samples for customers are available. You can have a try of the sample for free.
is this watch yours? It's mine. It was a present from my father.
what would you like for your main course is a steak. You can choose rare, medium or well - done.
shall we have some fruit juice to start with. For the main course, they will have fish or meat. They will have some white wine and red wine with meat. For dessert, they'll have a coffee. After dinner they'll go to a disco.
i will arrange a viewing of the unfurnished apartment after work tomorrow afternoon.
Mom wants to get a motorcycle. She will spend two weeks with dad in his ambulance as an emt trainee and volunteer at the emergency room for one month.
John has been busy studying for his school exams, which will begin next month. He is going to do some shopping.
Mr Wang from China wants to check out of the hotel right now. He has not used any hotel services this morning. His bill totals 3250 dollars.
oh, my god, I am so heavy now. I gain 10 kilos. I am going to the gym. I will wait for you at the car park in 20 minutes.
The best way to see the city is to travel by the sightseeing buses.
Amy and Rick are going to eat dumplings and noodles at yuanyang pot.
Taiwan 8234342 2 is the number of Francois smith, who works in the accounts department in Ds engineering.
what do you want to do in this company after five years? I want to be in a higher managerial position in the field of international marketing. I'm interested in the european market hopefully in Brussels. I have the talent to motivate people.
hey ! ask your mom for more old pictures from the wedding invitations. She's still angry about it.
How much will it be all together? $ 200. I will pay by check and use a credit card.
excuse me, my bag was stolen half an hour ago. It was stolen when she was walking in the park.
i know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years, but you want to leave and join a new company. Why do you think you are qualified for this position?
so, tell me about your new house. It is a three -bedroom detached house. There is a third room for your wife and your daughter. The kitchen and dining room are together. Each room has a large window. The area is nice and the neighbours friendly.
The bus leaves at half past six, so they need to hurry up.
i would like to remit 5000 dollars to his friend. He needs to show his id card and tell the receiver's address.
would it be all right for me to go home next weekend to surprise my brother for his birthday.
which kinds of meat are most popular in your country are chicken, pork, beef, lamb and mint sauce. I tried lamb chops when I visited your country last year. If I can get some from the butcher's, I will cook them for you.
do you have any idea what time it is? It's late. You forgot to call and let me know that you were late.
Alex gave a presentation on the marketing strategy for their marketing strategy next year. Kristin helped Alex with the slides. Alex took Alex's feedback on pricing strategies.
as you know I ’ ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction and am looking for a reference. You are a good reference for me. You have been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects.
Peter has failed his exams again. His dad wants him to go back to school and study.
how do you use an atm card, billy ? _sent_c99_label it 's easy grandpa. You insert the card into the machine and enter your pin. Then you choose the service you need to use. The machine will ask you how much you want to withdraw.
How can I lose weight? Jim never eats breakfast.
Francis and Monica will work on the financial report from 1 pm to 4 pm on Friday.
shall I take a photo of you? _sent_c99_label will take a picture of him. He is an it salesman.
what can I do for my younger brother? He has a common cold. He needs six pills of patulin per day and two pills after each meal.
is this the class to prepare for interviews? I have an interview tomorrow and want to join.
Mien sold his house last week. He's going to move to his new house tomorrow afternoon. The new people will move in the day after tomorrow. Jane will see Mien today.
being a diabetic you are not allowed to eat spicy food.
good evening , can he get a coke and some fried zucchini. He will order a cheeseburger and some fries.
This skirt is too tight. She will return it to the customer service desk. The skirt was a birthday present.
It's a nice day, but it may rain today.
boy will bring a cup of coffee to a man who wants it.
The car isn't running smoothly. It could be the tires.
i can't decide what to do today. She might go swimming, but it's cold.
Bart Simpson from Western Electronics met Steve at the airport. Steve will carry his bags to the hotel.
Turner Interiors of Beijing ordered some documents under their new l / c last month. The documents haven't arrived yet.
excuse me, where is the Beijing railway station? You can take the subway to get to it. You can also take a bus or a taxi to get there.
As soon as the plane takes off, the air - conditioner will get better ventilation and the temperature will drop. The waiter will get a wet towel for him. He will have a drink of mineral water, orange juice, coke and ice.
did you make it to school today and have you seen any movies lately? He didn't. He wants to go to see a movie this weekend.
James stabbed the victim three times in the belly three times. He beat me first when he tried to stop him from grabbing my bag.
Peter is ill. He has a headache and a stomachache. Yesterday he went to a birthday party. He ate some cake, ice cream and some candy.
excuse me, I don't know how to spell a parking meter.
excuse me, how do I get to the olympic stadium.
have you ever thought about your ideal home ?   I have always wanted to build my dream home myself. It would be spacious and located next to a park. There would be three bedrooms on the second floor with balconies on each, one main bedroom on the main floor with an attached en suite, a large living room and kitchen connected to each other, and a large open space for people to spend time with each other. I would have one guest bathroom in the basement, one in the
There are a variety of trousers to choose from. I want to buy one to match my shirt.
where is the bus? It should have been here 30 minutes ago, but it's running late. It's already late for work. The bus is unreliable and it's horrible having to be at a bus stop in any kind of weather.
i don’t know what activity my son should take part in. Many children are learning drawing, dancing, swimming in their spare time.
Lin Tao failed his interview for a job last week.
what is your major and which university are you attending? My major is business administration and I am interested in marketing. I received my bachelor degree in business administration from suzhou university. My favourite course was project management. I have studied in an english training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university. I am currently studying finance at a training school.
excuse me, what is the price of a single room for a single night? It's $ 50.
When can you get the finished product to me by the end of next week.
i like double - breasted garment with no belt. She wants to try it on.
Alice can't go to see mrs. brown tomorrow morning, because her mother is ill.
excuse me, I'm in the office of the textile corporation. ms is fromtc trade company. ms wants to discuss the possibility of establishing business relations with the corporation.
The bonnet on the hat is a genuine bonnet.
anna would like to dance, but she's a terrible dancer.
mary and Mike haven't seen each other since their dinner with Mr. Lee last week. Mike will join Mary and others for dinner at the new Italian restaurant this week.
Lucy is popular with people around her. She shares her knowledge with her colleagues. Some people take it personally.
is there anything i can do for you? I want to have a trip to Sydney for 3 weeks.
The new computer software is driving Carol crazy. She needs a break.
The fax machine in my room won't be working till tomorrow. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. I will use the one in his office.
i 'm looking for a white purse as a gift for her. She can return it if she doesn't like it.
do you mind if I get a lift in your car, please?
Shirley wants to subscribe to a fitness consultant magazine for six months for her wife.
Jack is going to make his annual speech. He's too far away to see him.
Will they send me a form telling me that I have been granted unemployment. Every two weeks I will receive a continued claim form. On that form, I must show that I was available and that I looked for work.
mr. smith has been doing some industry research and found out that the average salary for a position similar to his pays $ 2,000 more per year than he earns. The company wants to continue their woodworking relationship with him.
The watch stopped working several hours ago. The watch's battery is worn down and costs $ 50. It will last about 2 years.
When are you going to give me the brochures? I want to make reservations this week.
Julia will get a 2,000 yuan raise from next month.
albert and Carolyn are going to stay in America for about a year. They need to furnish their house. Carolyn recommends them to go to K - mart or Wal - mart. They should also go to an office supply store called office depot.
It’s a nice day outside, so they will take a walk into town and do some window - shopping. They will go to the newsagent, the butcher, the office - license and the chemist on the way home.
There is a daily passenger ship to dalian. It arrives in dalian at 10:00 a.m. tomorrow. There are four ports to visit on its passage to qingdao.
dad wants to have a dog. He will be responsible for feeding and cleaning the dog. It will cost him about $ 50 a month.
Xiaohui will buy a sweater and four pairs of slippers at the outlet.
what is your great skill in planning and management and why do you think you would be a good fit for this job.
ouch , it ’ s unbearable.
have you obtained any certificate of technical qualifications or license ?   yes, an engineers qualification certificate and a drivers license. Have you had the drivers license for two years? Yes, and have two years of driving experience. He has experience in computer operation, proficiency in microsoft windows, microsoft word and microsoft excel. He also has knowledge of visual c + +, c and delphi.
hi , how are you doing? I'm fine. I'm in school. I go to Pcc.
how many languages can you speak? Besides Chinese, he can speak english and french. He used to work as an interpreter.
Lauren has some concerns about the new customer support representative, jason huntley. He is unreliable and has a bad work ethic.
Nancy Brown booked a room for 4 days at the hotel for December 23rd at $ 79 a night. She will arrive around 3 pm. Her reservation confirmation number is nb13579.
Naomi's sister, Nancy, has called andy.
The letter is urgent and needs to be posted today to a friend in America.
excuse me, I have been waiting for a bus for 15 minutes. No. 3 runs every 20 minutes.
excuse me, I want to buy some cigarettes and souvenirs. The shop sells both Chinese and foreign cigarettes. The men's room is at the end of the corridor.
well , that ' s all for the interview. The final decision will be made by the end of next week. You can call me at 2974 - 5328.
would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow in Beijing?
David is home late today. There is a new english teacher at his school. She is beautiful and strict.
can I take the bus to the empire hotel.
Madam wants to buy a new Chanel perfume. She will buy two bottles for 55 dollars each.
excuse me, I want to know how to get to the post office.
will you look at this form and help me with it.
How much is the video camera? It's $ 250.
Breakfast is served from 6:30 to 9:00 am in the dinning room.
good afternoon, sir. Would you like a cup of coffee or tea?
Mom won't let her have dessert unless she eats all of her vegetables.
we ' re sorry , but we cannot allow your claim.
Lily Smith made a reservation from Hong Kong to Tampa on the first of September with a stopover in Houston. She will leave on the 12th of September.
why do you stop me ?   you have gone against the traffic rules.
Ma ' am will use a safety deposit box until May 20th. The box number is 522.
where are you going is to work at the polling place. She signed up for the job online.
Tommy bush has booked a room for two nights for 110 dollars per night. He will pay the bill by credit card.
how do you do ? I need your help in selecting a foreign market to invest.
let ' s see if we can reach some sort of agreement over your curfew. Everyone else's parents let them stay out until two or three in the morning. I think you should be in the house by ten o'clock.
darling can't stay for a few more days in London as he has to attend a meeting there.
excuse me, I'm looking for a gym to exercise in. The gym is one flight down and is open around the clock every day of the week. It's free to use and all you need is a room key.
Ten sheets of rice paper, 25 brushes, two boxes of oil color and two box of water color come up to $ 35. 50. The invoice is for $ 50. He is a teacher.
excuse me, I'm going the wrong way to the museum. The museum is right in front of me. I need to go back the way I came and take the second turn on the left. It's about fifteen minutes' walk. The bus no. 34 goes there. The subway can also take you there.
what kind of food do you like? I like Chinese food and American food.
i typed the report, filed the letters and checked the orders and ordered supplies.
The bus will take them to Santa Anita mall. They will get off at the bus stop behind Macy's.
Someone robbed Jone's apartment last week. They took $ 550.
This is the main service area of the company. The vans are serviced regularly. They are given a basic service every 10, 000 km or so and a main service once a year or every 100,000 km. The service is the same as for private vehicles.
do you know which stop we get off at? They still have more to go on the bus.
Peter has failed his exams again. His dad wants him to go back to school and study. Peter is nearly 17.
could I order dinner for dinner. He wants a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, medium rare porterhouse, and chocolate - covered strawberries with the champagne. They ran out of filet mignon. They will charge it to his amenities account.
so what did you get ?   it ' s all in the bag. It's an essential oil. She's going to put a few drops in her bath water.
i was wondering if this is where the resume writing workshop is being held. It's been a long time since i've had to look for work and put a resume together.
Someone stole a few pounds from Lisa's handbag. Her passport was in the bag. She will go to the local police station tomorrow morning to report it.
The hotel has an exercise facility where one can exercise. There is no extra charge for gym use. The gym is located above the hotel. The key to the gym is in the room key.
daddy will go mountain climbing with his daughter to climb Kiang Shan at the weekend.
i think we should home school our children when we decide to have kids. The public schools here are not very good and private schools are too expensive. home schooling has a lot of advantages. I will bring up the idea over Sunday brunch.
hey , you have been promoted to president of the department. It was thanks to your hard work.
Mr. smith is at the warehouse this morning.
Tom promised to cut the lung and repair the television. He also promised to help Johnny with his homework. He will try not to be late for dinner tonight if he asks nicely.
hi, buddy, how do you deal with your salary? I usually put it into my bank account. I'm planning to buy some shares in the stock market.
Steve and Emma are fine and so is Tony.
Two cars collided in the morning. One driver died instantly and the other one was badly hurt. Peter was killed in the accident. Both drivers were drunk.
John white is the import manager of the garden trading company of New York. His company has been in the export business of electronic products for more than twenty years.
Allan James is the director of human recourse department of the company. He is looking for an executive secretary.
well, he has a date and needs to find a restaurant to impress her. The hotel has a three - star restaurant. He will go to gramercy tavern.
i 'd like to reserve a room for the night of April 18th for one night. The hotel is fully booked on that night.
Mr. smith would like to see around the factory.
Tomorrow is my wife’s birthday. She needs a woolen sweater for her birthday. He wants to buy a turtleneck sweater in size one.
why does she want to be a stewardess? She has always enjoyed flying and is good with people. She is also calm under pressure and trained in first aid.
Rebecca johnson wants to speak to someone in the accounts department of rosedale investments about an invoice which is wrong. She will get someone to phone her first thing in the morning.
There's a special offer on a blouse today. It's 10% off the regular price.
who ' s in charge of the construction project?
The train leaves in an hour. The train ticket is not in his pocket. He will have to buy another one.
can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to. My date is sophisticated. She would expect nothing less than the best. I will call Gramercy Tavern to make a reservation.
i have to get off the phone with you.
Lucy wants to fix the light in the corridor. Monica will call a repairman to do it. Lucy will do it by herself.
will you be checking in any baggage today? I have two large suitcases and one box. I have my backpack and a camera tripod. Both of them will fit under the seat or in the overhead bin. I will send the tripod as luggage.
i lost her air ticket while shopping. She will have it reissued by the day after tomorrow as she has a copy of the lost ticket.
i can't finish this steak.
The printer is not working properly. It has a paper jam.
Charles has a window table reserved for him. He will order now or wait a while.
can you help me pick out a gift for my daughter. She might like a laptop computer. A 15 - inch pro mac is $ 2, 100. I will pay for it with my visa.
In order to protect the paintings, taking photos is forbidden here.
 rose green has been asked to handle John Phillips' training and introduce the company to him.
have you bought a lot of new clothes for your vacation. No, she hasn't. She's going to travel light this time.
Dan wants to increase salary this year, but money is tight.
A seven-day tour to Australia costs $ 500. It includes the air tickets, accommodation and gate tickets.
could I speak to the apartment manager about the apartment on main street that is still for rent. He hasn't rented it out yet, but he will see it today at 6 p.m. He will fill out an application form.
i don't know what he's going to do if he loses his job as an investment adviser. His supervisor is dishonest and won't tell his boss the truth. He will move in with me until he finds a new job.
yo baby are you satisfied with the costume show in the street?
Paubler wants to study how to use computers. He will focus on the hardware and the software.
Lucy is in a meeting and won't be able to talk to Lucy for 15 minutes.
Li King wants to apply for a proof - reader in the newspaper.
Mr Jurgen has just had some money sent from Germany in euros. The remittance has been successful. He will check if it has cleared.
get up, it 's time for you to get ready for school.
The rent for this apartment is $150 a month for four or five rooms.
my mascara is waterproof. There is a makeup remover for waterproof mascara.
Tom has just bought a new house in the suburb. Susan is getting married and invited him to her wedding. He will call her later.
Some guy on the street just mugged her and stole all of her things. She needs to go to the police station.
The toilet doesn't flush. The repairman will come in and try it.
Zhang Wei has just arrived at the personnel director's office. He has sent him his resume.
Mom will peel the onions and wash the onions, then chop them. She will wash the cabbage. Daniel will stay with Ultraman.
how do you like your work? I work in a publishing house. The work is hard but interesting.
hi, I can't get going on my computer until I get a broadband hookup. There is a computer lab in the lobby, but my laptop uses wireless only.
i got off the bus too early and is not sure where they are.
is this the friendship hospital? There is an urgent call for an ambulance to 68 hu nan road. The patient has acute appendicitis. They will take him to the emergency ward. The visiting hours are from 2 to 5 p.m. tomorrow.
good afternoon, I want to buy a silk coat. I will try it on in the fitting room. The back size is sold out, but the red one is available.
Mr. Simpson will go sightseeing to Tiananmen Square first.
welcome back racing fans. kimmi rikknen is leading the pack with only four laps to go. Lewis hamilton tries to pass Rikknen, but he hits the wall and spins out. There is a yellow flag and the pace car is making its way onto the track. fernando alonso takes the lead.
hello , do you remember me? I bought some vases from you yesterday. I will buy a few postcards, posters, masks and chocolate as a gift for his girlfriend's birthday.
 _sent_c99_label wants to take some money out of her bank account. She doesn't know how to do it. She needs to enter her pin number and confirm it. Then she needs to select the service.
The road ahead of the city is blocked because of an accident.
operator received a call from Toronto from 416 - 790 - 1256.
There was an accident on the 210 freeway today. Two people were injured.
steven has a lot of practical experience in work as a chief advertisement designer. He believes teamwork is the key to success. He will listen and learn when he starts a new job.
Good afternoon, I will rent an automatic sedan for you.
There are cheap cashmere sweaters available at outlets.
would you like to learn to tango donar for your church?
i hate working on Christmas Eve. He has a few christmas gifts in the back of his car. He doesn't have an invoice for them.
Caroline wants to buy uncle Teddy a gift for Christmas. He helped her edit her essay for the scholarship contest. She wants to spend at least 75 dollars. She will buy him a leather bag and a pet iguana. They will go to the leather goods store on State Street. They'll buy something for mom and dad and Uncle Teddy's gift.
The language used in this multinational company is mainly about English. It's a second foreign language for him. He was an english major in college.
anne will come in and bring the minutes of yesterday's management meeting. She handed in her report to the chairman. The meeting was delayed by thirty minutes and lasted two and a half hours.
Peter is not in right now and he's coming back.
what a mess , jack !
A friend is getting married on Saturday. She and her fiance cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook. Most of the things in the notebook were household appliances. The couple signed their name. The sewing machine was bought by her friend.
hello, I'm interested in buying a 1999 Honda. The car has 6,000 miles on the odometer and a warranty of one month. The price is $ 5, 900.
Mr. liu enjoyed his dinner at a Chinese restaurant. He will have some chicken.
The demographic reports are in. According to the report, Boston and Chicago consumers are different from each other.
excuse me, I would like to borrow some of your records.
Maya is going to Europe on business and needs to buy traveller's cheques. She will buy 5,000 euros in 100 euro cheques in euros.
have you always been on this site? No, we used to be on an industrial estate on the outskirts of New York City.
i want to open a checking account. The minimum balance has to be $ 100. If I don't meet the minimum balance, I will be fined.
i 'm hungry and wants to eat a burrito, but he doesn't have any money to buy it. He will get paid on Friday, so he will go home and eat.
Room service will bring a hamburger and a cup of coffee to 402 for room 402.
can I get you something to drink? The bar has a signature drink and a non - alcoholic cocktail. The bartender recommends a singer.
Elizabeth has a big favor to ask Kevin. She needs to get it done by tomorrow afternoon.
The room number is 8736 and the bill is 6212 yuan. The room is cozy, the service is good and the luggage will be delivered to the airport by 4 o'clock.
My computer isn't running at the same speed it used to be and it's testing my patience.
The suit looks nice, but can I try it on?
How was your day at work? It was busy and you had to work straight through your lunch break. Your boss gave you an option to go home early or take a long lunch break another time, so you decided to wait. You got fired today.
i can see by your resume that you studied business administration and journalism. Why don't you choose to work for a newspaper?
There is a leaking pipe in my wall. There is mildew in the wall. I will go to his apartment tomorrow to fix the pipe. He is okay with me calling a plumber.
i ' ll have to go now.
excuse me, I don't feel good right now and I need pills for airsickness and a glass of water.
what 's wrong with me? I have a headache. I have been living off painkillers for the past few days. My mom used to get acupuncture, but the results were slow. There are high - tech acupuncture needles that are micro thin. scraping and cupping are also options.
