Speaker1 noticed your absence in the class this morning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet next Wednesday instead of tomorrow.
It's snowing outside. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out to see the snow.
Speaker2 has an english lesson once a week, but he tries to practice every day. He usually looks at english language websites and goes to his local english corner twice a week to practice.
Speaker2 and the girl he was seeing broke up last week. They started dating 2 months ago. She was a psycho. One time they were supposed to meet, but Speaker2 wasn't supposed to be there.
Speaker1 has been late to work. She was late because she missed the bus and was stuck in a traffic jam.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't like the movie last night. Mary liked the photography and acting.
Speaker1 has been busy year in and year out, but none of it is to his satisfaction.
Speaker2 will not come to Speaker1's party as he failed three courses today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't believe the lawyer's speech.
Speaker2 has just returned from his office. He works for himself and rents a virtual office at an office building in the downtown area. He pays the rent and shares office services with others.
Speaker1 loves Speaker2's new hair cut.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are cleaning up after the party. There were some broken glasses, a spilled drink and a stain. They will do the washing up together. The birthday cake was delicious.
Speaker2 has been going to the gym these days. He is going to meet his personal trainer to have the work - out plan fixed. He will ask his father to go with him.
Speaker1 sent Speaker2 a photograph from his trip to Australia. The man in the picture is the man who offered Speaker1 a job in Australia. Speaker1 grew a beard during the trip, but he shaved it off when he came home.
Speaker1 has a crush on Jenny. He wants to ask her out, but he doesn't have the guts to do it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were surprised to hear that susan has got the cancer of stomach.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet at Speaker1's house on Friday evening. Tom will pick them up. Tom invited Speaker2 and his family to spend the weekend with his family at his father's villa in Florida.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have gym class tomorrow. They don't have school on Saturday. Speaker1 is going to study.
Speaker1 thanks a million for the gift
Speaker1 wants to go on a blind date with his friend's girlfriend. She is tall, athletic and has a lot of tattoos.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going shopping in the china friendship shopping center. Speaker1 will teach Speaker2 bargaining.
Speaker1 will pick Speaker2 up at 8 pm tonight to take him out for dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have made a reservation for the two of them for the evening. Speaker2 wants to talk to Speaker1. They have been friends for years.
Speaker2 is retired. He gets up at dawn and does some exercise. He usually has cereal for breakfast, but sometimes he cooks a traditional english breakfast. He does some housework in the morning and goes shopping in the afternoon. He drives to the big supermarket in the city center.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to be secretaries.
Speaker1 wants to know why Speaker2 lives in the old flat instead of buying a new villa. Speaker2 doesn't want to part with his money.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a trip. They have a financial budget of 13,000 rib. They will pay 4, 000 rib for transportation and 4,000 for the hotel.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the network.
Speaker1 is tired and wants to rest.
Speaker2 will accompany his wife to the hospital. She is expecting a baby.
Speaker1 is susan. Speaker2 is Zhang ming. They both come from China.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are taking a break from paper work to go to a new Italian restaurant.
Speaker2 doesn't know where he would like to go to school. He likes where he is now.
Speaker1's team finally beat them and now they're crying.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised by the cost of renting an apartment in New York City.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a girl over there. Speaker1 is nervous about talking to her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will watch a movie tonight at 7 o'clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing a traditional Chinese gambling game called making.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the benefits and drawbacks of working for the federal government.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on vacation. They will try to earn their tuition.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at Mr. smith's residence.
Mary had a date with John. She and John have a lot in common.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 send each other a link to a window.
Speaker1 wants Sam to find a job so they can afford the everyday expenses.
Speaker1 immigrated to the US last year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a good time, but Speaker1 has to leave early.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on his daughter's graduation as the valedictorian. Speaker2's daughter has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship.
Speaker1 and Jackie will meet in front of Nordstrom's in 30 minutes. Both bon and nordstrom's are having an annual sale. Speaker2 will buy some clothes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the advantages and disadvantages of living in the country and the city.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will leave the motorbike outdoors at night.
Speaker1 wants Speaker1 to go with him.
Speaker1's boyfriend was supposed to call her last night, but he didn't, so she's angry. She wants to break up with him, but she doesn't want to be without him for a few weeks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's philosophy teacher is humorous and interesting.
Speaker1 is speaking french at his language school. He is trying to learn new skills to become more qualified for a job.
Speaker2 has been sweeping, scrubbing, washing, drying, waxing, polishing and doing the dishes for his grandma.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried that she might not come back.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a meeting at a quarter past five.
Speaker1 enjoyed tonight's party and thanks Sarah.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to come to this place again because of the dirty air.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think it was dick who did the stupid thing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the zoo on Saturday and to the park on Sunday, but on Saturday there is a football final. On Sunday they will visit the country.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met bob for years. Bob has been keeping Bach after divorce.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have heard about the wildlife sanctuary in Beijing. There are a lot of wild animals in that place and there are special rules while visiting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the subjects they like best.
Speaker1 wants to know if the chief has accepted their plan.
Speaker2 is blogging on his mobile phone from a business trip.
Speaker1 is impressed with his son's manners.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the film they saw.
Speaker1 is looking for a good book to read. Speaker2 suggests him an english - chinese dictionary.
Speaker1 wants Karen to play the piano for him. Karen has been playing piano for 18 years.
Speaker1 is laughing at speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a great time on their honeymoon in Florida. They spent a lot of time queuing, but they got a nice tan. Speaker1 and his friends just got back from bali. Speaker2 will go skiing with them for Christmas.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see each other.
Speaker1 took out a life insurance policy and made his wife a beneficiary. Speaker2 is insured and so is his home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about Paul.
Speaker1 doesn't know whether to go to university or get a job. His parents want him to take their advice. Speaker2 would major in English.
Speaker1 suggests that Speaker2 should take american literature and american prose and fiction and two three-credit courses in education department.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a device that shuts off to save energy. It's not alive, but it breathes.
The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn't like the Max Oreo exhibition. Speaker1 and Speaker2 liked the exhibition. They both like landscapes and abstract paintings. Speaker2 has a small collection of calligraphy by famous artists.
Speaker2 likes to take photos in his spare time.
Speaker1 finds it cold this morning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't know it was Speaker2 who told them.
Paul failed again in mathematics. Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what to do about it.
Speaker1 wants to apologize for his nose, but Speaker2 is mad about it.
Speaker1 has another appointment at five. Speaker2 will mail the letter for Speaker1 as he goes through the lobby.
Speaker2 is a smoker. Her husband smokes twenty or more cigarettes a day. She had her first cigarette when she was seventeen.
Speaker2 didn't go to the roller rink on Saturday because he met a foxy lady at her place. Jim went to the rink with sherry.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking to each other about their learning English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like the pair of glasses that Speaker2 has bought.
Speaker1 wants to take shield on a date, but he doesn't have much money. shield likes to golf, dance, eat foreign food and go on dates. Speaker1 and shield are going to go to dutch.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 know his sister's name is Laura. She's 18 next birthday.
Speaker1 wants to meet Sam tomorrow.
Speaker1 likes to stay here because people are kind down his way. Speaker2 is lucky.
Speaker2 has been studying at the campus for three years. He is disappointed with the old campus.
Speaker1 doesn't want to go out with Jack.
Speaker2 lost his job. His boss told him about it.
Speaker1 wants to lose weight, but he doesn't know how to do it. Speaker1 never eats breakfast.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the biggest environment problem in their country is air pollution.
Speaker1 has been to England for the first time and wants to take a taxi. Speaker2 will call a taxi for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are listening to the theme song of "Titanic" on Speaker2's phone. Speaker2 is not able to compose music yet, but he can get on line to search for one.
Speaker1 doesn't know what to do about the people who live in the flat above him. He tried to introduce himself to them when they moved in, but they were arrogant and didn't want to talk to him again. They are also loud and arrogant and terrible gossipers. Most of the other people in his apartment are scared of them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the autumn today.
Speaker1 and Deborah are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn. They are inviting susan and frank to their house warming party this weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Valentine's Day.
Speaker2 is feeling lonely lately. He doesn't feel like he really knows any of his friends. He would like to meet some people who have a positive attitude and want to have a good time. He might join the ultimate frisbee club.
Speaker1: he dresses in plain clothes and drives an old car and no one would know he is the richest man in town.
Speaker1's legs have fallen asleep because he has been sitting in the same position too long.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to an office party tomorrow evening. There is a prize for the best costume. Speaker2 is from China, where Halloween is not celebrated there. In Chinese culture, ghost month is celebrated for an entire month. People feed ghosts.
Speaker2's seventh great grandfather is Peter Madsen. He loved his family, his country and his freedom.
Speaker1 wants to know if Tom drinks a lot.
The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in Speaker1 and Speaker2's city. Speaker2 is against it.
Speaker1 is not feeling well and will go to the nurse's.
Speaker1 wants a ride back home from a stranger.
Speaker1 invites Speaker2 to the party. Speaker2 is late, but he will help himself to some flowers and a new couch.
Speaker2 will volunteer in a zoo for two weeks. He will help prepare food, feed animals and clean up.
Speaker1: he is planning again.
Speaker1 sends birthday wishes to Alice.
Speaker2 has just passed the bar exam. He will try to call his parents tonight.
Speaker1 will park either in a student lot or on the street. There are marked handicapped spots, but Speaker1 hasn't seen them yet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the advantages and disadvantages of the mobile phone.
Speaker1 will miss you while you're studying in the United States.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will try Canadian ice wine next time they are about to eat dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's mother is in the hospital.
Speaker1 sends Speaker2 bourbon with iced water. The bourbon is 15 dollars plus 10% service charge.
Jack has been looking unhappy lately.
Speaker1 has just got the examination results. Speaker2 has failed.
Speaker1, Speaker2 and three other people started to bid. Speaker1 raised his bid twice, but it kept going up. Speaker2 dropped out at $ 250.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a low opinion of Chinese women who go out with foreigners.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's maths teacher is humorous. Their history teacher is serious.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching Channel 5. Speaker1 can read the subtitles.
It's ann's birthday. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to cut the cake soon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a cup of tea and go to the cinema together.
Speaker1 is looking for the music book. It's on the shelf too high for him to reach.
Speaker1 wants to skip the x - files tonight and watch the history channel's program on ancient egypt.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see Paul and Claire at 7:30 pm tonight.
David hasn't watched the 82nd oscar awards ceremony. Avatar got the award of visual effect. Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched the movie "Avatar" last week at the cinema. "Hurt locker" got the Award of best picture.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 love the movie. They wonder who was the director.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning to go on vacation to Tibet for the May holiday. Speaker2 wants to go to a hot springs resort outside of Beijing. Speaker1 recommends Yangshao.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about their husband.
Speaker1 saw his cousin monk yesterday. She's grown into a very attractive young lady.
Speaker1 would like to talk with you again about what happened to him.
Speaker2 doesn't like western movies. He likes drama and science fiction.
Speaker1 finds it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent at the moment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's Chinese is coming along better than their own.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are not ready for the exam. Speaker1 is not ready yet.
Speaker2 doesn't want to have any more because she's on the diet.
Bob's father - in - law is a hard nut to crack.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are waiting in a long line for the next movie to start. They will take a chance and buy tickets from the scalpers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want Speaker2 to cover up his sadness.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are interested in Speaker2's experience as a businessman in a foreign country.
Speaker1 is going to gamble on the world cup tonight. She and her husband are betting on France.
Speaker2 is a newspaper columnist and works in a coffeehouse. His favourite coffee is irish coffee. He doesn't like to make coffee himself. He likes instant coffee.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss why people are overweight despite the current fitness craze.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish merry Christmas to Lily and joey. Lily's first Christmas in the US.
Speaker1 apologized to Cindy for yelling at her in front of everyone yesterday.
Jack and Mary broke up because he was cheating on her. They had been together for only two months.
A girl threw a bucket of water on Speaker1 and Speaker2. She wished good luck to him.
Bob and Mary had an argument and split up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met last week at the conference. Speaker2 is in the neighbourhood and his office is right around the corner.
Speaker1 and Bob Copeland are talking about today's game between Russia and Canada. The winner will move on to the finals.
Speaker2 has just found out that her husband is cheating on her. He has been seeing someone else for two months.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched a fashion show on channel 24 last night.
Speaker1 needs to have a word with speaker1.
Speaker1 wants to know what speaker2 is doing.
Speaker1 wants to travel around the world if he had the money.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a baseball game. They are discussing the game.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 feel sorry for Tim.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were worried about her ability to cope with her boss.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sorry about last night. They will go to the beach together.
Speaker1 is back and wants to have a cup of coffee with Speaker2. Speaker2 took care of Speaker1's house in his absence.
Jack and Mary broke up because he was cheating on her with a girl from his hometown. May saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to ask when he wants to borrow his records next time.
Speaker1 wants to know what Karen does in her free time. Karen likes to play the piano. Karen has been playing piano for about 18 years.
Speaker2 goes hiking in summer and skiing in winter. Speaker1 wants to come along sometime.
Speaker2 has a terrible cold. He should be at home in bed. He hasn't taken anything for it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are learning a lot from each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to a TV station and sing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will see each other in sterlet.
Mary got married to jerrod yesterday. She is going to live in Paris.
Speaker1 is thinking about applying to a public school or a private school.
Speaker1 suggests that Speaker2 should take american literature and american prose and fiction and two three-credit courses in education department.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play Las Vegas games. Speaker1 will gamble 500 dollars.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Speaker1's wife's death.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at each other for being late for a meeting.
Speaker1 is asking the class to read page 10 to themselves and then he will ask some questions about the passage.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the concert at the music hall this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't wait to meet in person.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have both watched Beijing opera once.
Speaker1 needs to register for a psychology class. There are only two classes open. One class is on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 pm to 4 pm. The other class is from ten to twelve pm on Monday and Wednesday. Speaker1 will sign up for the class on Monday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to miss each other as they are leaving for America tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on the look out for girls who try to bleed you white.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will arrive on Sunday. It will be raining when they arrive. The bank will be closed. They won't need their overcoats.
Speaker1 has disposable contact lenses for camping. Each contact has its own saline solution.
Speaker2 met a great guy at the bar last night and they are going to meet again tonight. He is funny and witty. They have a lot in common, like the same teams, music, and honesty.
Speaker2 is studying in the eastern asian language department. He major in Japanese.
Speaker1 wants to look at the cloud.
Speaker2 hasn't spent much time with sophia lately. They used to spend a lot of time together, but since sophia started her new job, she's been spending more time with her new friends from work. Speaker2 feels left out of the conversation. He tried to invite her over for dinner a few weeks ago, but she brought a friend from work with her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like flowers. Speaker2's favourite flower is peach blossom. Speaker1 likes lotus.
Speaker1 wants to find out where speaker1 is from.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema on the corner of Lincoln and Main on Saturday to see an action movie with Harrison Ford and a chick flick with Susan abandon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the factory workers' demonstration in the streets today. They are calling for better working conditions for all factory employees.
Speaker1 won't make it to dinner with Peter tomorrow night because he's not feeling well.
Speaker2 wants to live in a mountain village in the summer. Speaker1 doesn't agree.
Speaker1 has to go now, because it's getting late.
Speaker2 and her husband would like to have no kids, but her mother-in - law wants grandkids. They had a fight last night about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the hero of the film.
Speaker2 will win eighty - five dollars if his bid is the highest after three more days.
Speaker1 doesn't like the way Speaker2's hair looks.
Speaker1 needs to go to the restroom. The parking lot is full, so she has to wait her turn.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are stuck in a ditch in the snow. They should have stayed in town, but they wanted to show Tom the cabin. They will probably be stranded for days.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the cinema instead of walking.
Speaker2 has had enough of gin fizz and bloody mary. He will have a shanghai cocktail.
Jack has a chance to go to college without taking a test. Speaker2 hasn't decided on his major yet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's first weekend after being employed is coming. Speaker1 will iron his shirt and trousers. Speaker2 will do some washing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to be late.
Speaker1 has decided to go on a diet as a new year's resolution.
Speaker1 and Billy are going to the new bar on 17th street tonight. Speaker2 will join them. They will meet at 9 pm. There is no cover charge at the bar.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the most popular sport in their country.
Speaker1 enjoyed the party at Lisa's.
Speaker1 informs that it's snowing heavily.
Speaker1 wants black rose scotch. Speaker2 wants soda or water.
Speaker1 has seen Bill Gate's house on the internet. It's got its own library, theatre, swimming pool, guest house, a guest house and a ten-room house with a remote control. He's also located near the sea, so he can park his boats next to his house. He wouldn't want to live there. His dream home is a small cottage in a quiet village in England. He would like to buy an old cottage or build a new one.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a concert of classic music tomorrow evening.
Speaker1 has done all thumbs with all thumbs.
Speaker2 spends most of his spare time reading. He subscribes to newspapers, magazines and periodicals.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy that Speaker2 has joined them. Speaker2 wants to try yoga, but he has a problem with eating more and more these days.
Speaker2 will pick up a beautiful Chinese girl at the school gate tonight at ten thirty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a small town with serious problems. The mayor and his practice crony is the cause.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the English teacher and the man beside her.
Speaker2 has been to most of the countries in Europe, several countries in Asia, China, Japan, Korea, and Thailand, and to the United States and Canada. He will visit Australia and New Zealand soon. Norway is the most beautiful country he's been to. It has many pictures of fjords, waterfalls and mountains.
Speaker1 wants to know what's bothering that guy.
Speaker1 wants to go out on Saturday afternoon with his friend to see an exhibition of French sculptures at the museum. Speaker2 can't join them, because she has to work all day. They will probably meet next week.
Jack goes to school at 8 am every morning and doesn't get home until after 4 pm. He does his homework after tea. He walks to school. He meets his friends at the corner and they go together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will exchange lessons in German and Chinese.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are impressed with Speaker2's muscles. Speaker1 will start working out from now on.
Speaker1: you are an eager beaver
Speaker1 visited the famous variety show host, Dennis.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 know lizzy smith and her younger sister, Mary. They also know her mother, father, brother and sisters.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having breakfast at a place that serves good breakfasts. Speaker2 wants to rent windsurfers at the beach today.
Speaker1 is worried about losing his job as an investment adviser. His supervisor is dishonest and won't tell his boss the truth. If he loses his job, Speaker1 will move out of his apartment and move in with Speaker2.
Speaker1's class is in room 261 in the c building. Speaker2 knows where it is.
Speaker1 is worried about a software program called turbid that automatically submits a bid with just a few seconds to go in an auction.
Speaker2 has a job waiting for him back in his hometown after graduation. He will live with his parents after that.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet tomorrow at Starbucks.
Speaker1, Speaker2 and their friends are having a dinner party on Friday. They are going to invite the Simpsons, the greens, the anderson, Speaker1's friend andy from the office, and Speaker2's sister. They can't have thirteen people at the table for dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had faith in Bob and he let them down.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the Tianqiao temple fair today.
Speaker1's daughter isn't feeling well, so he has to leave his first date with Speaker2.
Speaker1 will put Karen Huang on a waiting list for comp lit 287. Speaker2 will use a special code to get into the class by phone. Karen Huang is a comparative literature major.
H henry is having an affair with his secretary. He's divorcing his wife and there's a fight going on about the children.
Speaker2 and Jack first met in a heavy raining afternoon. Jack came to Speaker2 with an umbrella and sent him to Speaker1's home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are from Germany. Speaker2 speaks German and English.
Speaker2 is reading a magazine during the office hours. It's about sports for white - collar workers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like basketball. Speaker1 didn't watch any NBA games before he came to the United States. Speaker2 likes Kobe as the best player.
Speaker1 will go to a pizza place with Speaker2 to eat lunch.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are doing a project in school that involves landing a ship and staying on mars for an extended period of time. Nasa has looked at various designs for portable habitats for extended stays on mars.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go sightseeing in Beijing tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are leaving for their science field trip next Monday at 8 a.m. Speaker1 will arrive at 7. The return bus will leave the campground at 5 pm and return to campus 3 hours later at 8 pm. They will return 6 days later, on December 8th.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to show Mr. Taylor's daughter, Mary, around the school.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about the hot weather. The temperature has reached 98 degrees.
Speaker2 scored 30 meters in the discus throw at the final throw.
Speaker2 was away for his vacation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the Taj restaurant for dinner tonight. They will bring their own bottle of wine.
Bob and Speaker2 are going to play hockey in the morning and go yachting with Nora in the afternoon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a disagreement.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in love with joe.
Speaker1 wants Patrick to watch out for Patrick.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about the history of Egypt. They are both against aliens.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 live next door to each other. They will help each other out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about winter in Ottawa.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will stay in bremen instead of Hamburg tonight. They will have lunch in hamburg tomorrow, then check into a hostel in copenhagen and have dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were too nervous to meet in the hotel room.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 work for an internet company.
Speaker2 is going to ask Martha to marry him. He decided to ask her 2 weeks ago. He will ask her father in front of her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a wedding. They are happy for the bride and the groom. Speaker1 is going to prepare for the engagement.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what a coffee grinder is.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker1 is going out with Jane.
Speaker1 will change Speaker2's drink as there is an animal in his soup.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that Dalian is a beautiful city.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a lot of work to do. They will meet after work.
Speaker1 wants to know where he will go on vacation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a dinner date tonight. They met at amy's birthday party. Speaker2 will meet a guy she met on the internet three month ago.
Anthony has been living with his parents for 40 years. He is getting married for the first time. The bridesmaids look beautiful. The flower girl and ring bearer are the groom's niece and nephew.
Speaker1 has just got the examination results. Speaker2 has failed.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to introduce themselves to the tall man who works with Lily.
Speaker1 says hello to Lance.
It seldom rains this summer. Some places are short of water because of that.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are bored with gossip.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the differences between Chinese and English learning.
Speaker1 will hold the door for Miss miss.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in love with each other. They are going to break up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to figure out who is who.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to Wangfujing by bus. They will take the subway.
Speaker1 wants to see "The Hitchhiker" next weekend. Speaker2 will not go with him.
Speaker2 commutes to work five days a week by train. In the evening, he takes the 5:30 home train.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for almost three months. Speaker2 is on a diet and has lost twelve pounds. He goes to dance every day after work for two hours.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the advantages and disadvantages of selling their products through the internet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the genesis of the legal system. They discuss the May first international workers' day. On May third, 1886, police killed four strikers at the mccormick reaper works factory.
Speaker2's wife gave birth to a healthy girl. She is tired, but getting a lot of rest now. Speaker2 hasn't slept well for a week. He has to work and take care of the baby.
Speaker2 was on a date last night. He had a fantastic time. He is a junior investment banker at fortune bank. His name is David.
Speaker1 and Lucy are going to play tennis on Sunday morning at nine at the sports hall.
Jim lost 100 yuan. Speaker2 took the money to buy medicine for his mother. He will return it to Jim.
Speaker2's car died. It was given to her by her daddy for her birthday last month. It overheated and now the pistons are busted and the transmission is broken. She will have to leave it here for at least two weeks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like this kind of weather because it's calm.
Speaker1's friend is in the big house after he was caught selling cocaine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to climb up the fragrant mountain tomorrow. It is located at the east foot of the western mountain of Beijing in a park with the same name. The season to view red leaves is from mid-October to the first ten days of November.
Frank has gone out with Lucy again and Speaker2 is upset.
Speaker1 finds philosophy boring. Speaker2 finds it tedious.
Speaker1 is going to keep what he catches. Speaker2 will throw back what he doesn't.
Speaker2 wants to repair cars for a living, but he needs to be certified as a mechanic first. There are many small schools for adults like him. He can study there and get a student loan.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet on Friday. Speaker2 has the day off from work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Richard was fired by their manager.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 for the first dance. Speaker2 is a waltz dancer. Speaker1 took up dancing recently.
Speaker2 needs to return a book and check out a magazine. He will have to read it in the library.
Speaker1 will treat Speaker2 to dinner tonight for Valentine's Day.
Speaker1 is looking at the time. It's about 11.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for a picnic with their college friends this weekend. They will go fishing, chatting, camping and camping.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see the photography exhibit at the art gallery this weekend. They will meet at 11:00 at the gallery.
Speaker2 goes to the gym three times a week. He is a member of a gym nearby.
Speaker1 has won the speech contest at his school.
Speaker2 got back from Canada the day before yesterday. He visited Montreal and Ottawa.
Speaker1 finds it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent at the moment.
Speaker1 doesn't know what happened to his cup.
Speaker1 wants to know if Jack is going out.
Speaker1 is learning Chinese on the internet. Speaker2 studied French at school, Russian at school and Spanish in evening classes. Speaker1 speaks Japanese at home.
Speaker1 wants to know what happened to John.
Speaker1 will miss the next class meeting. He will e-mail the professor this week as a reminder.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the system of public and private schools in the United States.
Speaker1 would like to participate in their rehearsal.
They killed another hostage. Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that it's a terrible thing to do, but they don't agree that we should give in to terrorist's demands.
Speaker2 has been fine. Everyone in his family is fine.
Speaker2 got his mobile in Singapore. He likes it, but it's too light for him. He doesn't need all the bells and whistles on the new ones. He uses it for fun.
Speaker1 will buy a new book for Speaker2 tomorrow.
Jim got the money from Nick.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the supermarket. It's freezing outside. They will wait for the weather to clear up before they go shopping. Speaker2 will move the car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are preparing a Christmas party for the party. They have put up the decorations and decorated the christmas tree. Speaker1 will put the presents under the tree later. Speaker2 will make the punch. They will have christmas pudding and snack foods. They sent all their Christmas cards a week ago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the old couple's wedding today.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to keep the noise down and not make long distance calls.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going home. They have to return to their homeroom and wait to be dismissed. The teacher has to take attendance again.
Speaker1 and Mary have been in love for six years. They are divorcing.
Speaker2 didn't enjoy the movie. Speaker1 enjoyed it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a tour to Jiuzhaigou valley. Speaker1 will get fuji 200 film for taking photos of natural beauty.
Speaker2 was born in Ohio, but he grew up in Texas. He came to Los Angeles in 1978 and went to college there. He was an actor for five years after college and then he became a hairdresser.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are getting married. They are not going to get married in the church as neither of them is religious. They have booked the hotel for the reception.
Speaker1 thinks the girl is beautiful, but Speaker2 doesn't agree with him.
Speaker2 doesn't look well. He likes rainy days.
Speaker1 congratulates Philip on his award.
Speaker2 has a new computer and a new internet connection. He has sent a lot of emails to friends and family. Speaker1 gives him the name of a few useful websites to visit.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are making a bet that if Speaker2 falls in love like him he will go soft in the head.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have one more bottle of vodka.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are busy today.
Speaker2 thinks he has a chance in 2004 in gymnastics as he is flexible and can do the vault.
Speaker1 is flying home on Sunday afternoon and wants to say goodbye.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think it's time for the government to take strong action to protect environment.
Speaker1 will have everything prepared for Speaker2 when he gets here.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about George, the tall guy over there. George has a lot of problems. He has his own company and it's not going well. His products are good, but he can't find any customers. His new laptop crashed on Friday and he lost everything.
John passed away yesterday. He had a serious disease.
Peter is a bag lady now. He was rich in the past.
Speaker1 has a flu and is in bed with a fever. He won't be able to give a presentation today. Speaker2 will cancel his and Speaker1's appointments for today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a house party with some friends tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering if rice is a staple food in Southeast Asia.
Speaker2 likes to study English because it gives him great satisfaction.
Speaker1 and Bob don't have to pay Speaker2.
Speaker1 saw Speaker1 at a meeting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 used to be very friendly, but their relationship has deteriorated because of Speaker1's daughter's marriage. Speaker1 doesn't like her husband.
Speaker1 is in love with someone and is wondering how to get his attention.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a competition today. The winner gets two tickets to the Sydney olympics.
John is very late and Speaker1 doesn't know if he's coming.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 apologize for what they said yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think he will be promoted to the general manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will play bridge and go to the movies. janet and tom will come over to play bridge.
Speaker2 is going to divorce his wife. They have been separated for six months.
Speaker1 wants to learn how to drive this summer vacation. He will get registered at teetee training school, summer program, 3,000 yuan for one month, and 3, 500 yuan for the summer program.
Speaker2 likes to read many kinds of books. When he was a child, he enjoyed reading fables and science fiction. As a teenager, he was interested in detective mystery stories. Now he likes reading romance stories.
Speaker1 wants to take shell on a date, but he doesn't have much money. She likes to golf, dance and eat foreign food. He likes being with her. They might go in dutch.
Speaker1 will visit Speaker2 this weekend. He will bring wine and they will have dinner.
Speaker1's boss has been breathing down his neck all day and he can't wait for the weekend. He won't even let them check their personal email at work.
Speaker1 will lend Speaker2 some money to buy a tv set.
He came to work late every day that week, but on Friday he didn't show up.
The 2005 international tourism festival starts on the third Saturday of October and covers over one hundred diverse programs in one month. The highlights of the festival are the ten thousand people cycling round the town, the wild animal park, the international dragon boat race and the international lion dance.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to check out a flea market later.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that ac milan's foot work is better than argentine's.
Speaker2 moved into his new apartment. He hasn't put anything away yet. He took a walk through the neighborhood this morning. The apartment costs 800 dollars a month. There is a 7 - 11 supermarket nearby.
Speaker1 wants to buy a parking permit for his motorcycle. He will use a credit card.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a surprise for each other under the Christmas tree.
Speaker1 sent Speaker2 30 yuan for his ticket. Speaker2 is buying tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Speaker2's English language studies.
Speaker1 wants you to give a show in the front stage.
Speaker1 met him just before he took off from Kitty's. Carole couldn't make it, so Speaker2 had to go by herself. His car died again, so he couldn't come.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 ran into their cousin Jimmy the other day. Jimmy had four teeth pulled last week. Speaker2 will think of him next time he sees him.
Speaker1 found Kenny from South Park doll in a park.
Speaker1 wants you to wait for him.
Michael Milliken, the bond king, was sentenced to three years in a minimum - security prison. He made millions selling bonds to people and ended up with a pile of cash when they became useless. The government fined him a small amount, but he kept the rest in foreign bank accounts.
Speaker1: he was once a poor man, but now he is a man of means.
Speaker1 didn't see Speaker2 at Mr. Johnson's class today. Speaker2 quit.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Valentine's Day in Chinese.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't believe in Friday the thirteenth as it's superstitious.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for suggestions for what to do during the holidays.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting Jack at a surprise.
Speaker1 will get Jenny another glass of champagne at the party.
Speaker1 and Mary will be driving the company van for a fundraiser this weekend. They will drop it off on Sunday night. Speaker2 will borrow the chairs from the lunchroom.
Speaker1: good morning , kevin.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to thank each other for their help.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what the important day is today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for materials on the world war two.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about people who take advantage of other people's hospitality.
Speaker2 went to the United States for three weeks. The weather was fine most of the time, but it snowed a lot in Chicago.
Speaker1 is impressed with Speaker2's presentation. He has been working on it for several years.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are back from their vacation in Paris. They went to the eiffel tower and the top of the Eiffel Tower. They had a few coffees, watched a movie and went for a swim in the pool at the hotel.
She works as a teller in a bank. She goes to night school three times a week. She wants to be a manager.
Speaker1 has spilled ink all over the table cloth and wants to pay for it.
Speaker1 and Mike are having a party tonight. Speaker2 is going to tell Cathy that he's breaking up with her. Cathy is a nice girl, but she's possessive and she's too caring.
Speaker1 forgot to bring his wallet when he went to lunch with clients yesterday.
Speaker1 asks Jenny what is wrong with her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are eating a savory dish from the restaurant.
Speaker1 is tired of everything in his life and is about to leave the family. Speaker2 is happy with his life.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in a bar. It's Speaker1's first time being in a bars. Speaker2 has a ticket to the bar. With the ticket, Speaker1 will get a free drink. The dance floor is packed.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are saying goodbye to Mary tomorrow.
Dan got a divorce. His relationship with Sally came to a sticky end.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the book "An excellent one".
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a gin and tonic and some olives and crisps. Speaker2 likes the irish music on the cd Speaker1 bought in the cd shop in the mall. Speaker1 has some photos of their holiday in Ireland.
Anita is leaving for a few weeks for a vacation. She will be back soon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado river this weekend. They rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff last week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to know what Lucy's priorities are when buying a car. She will choose a smaller car with smaller engine.
Speaker1 doesn't want to take another semester of the dorm food. He wants to move into an apartment off campus and cook for himself.
Richard didn't come to school today.
Speaker1 thanks everyone for everything.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think Speaker2 should go to see the doctor.
Speaker2 is studying english. He can read and speak well, but speaking can be difficult. He has his book from the class here.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about jogging.
Speaker1 wants to know why americans believe in god, the bible, Jesus Christ and the gospel 5. Speaker2 doesn't know if he's a Christian.
Speaker1 has decided to go to the cinema alone this evening. He used to go with Helen, but she talks a lot.
Speaker1 and Bob Copeland are talking about today's game between Russia and Canada. The winner will move on to the finals.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are confused about the size of a nanometer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet for Christmas at Speaker2's house. Speaker1 wants Santa to bring him a new sweater and some computer games. Speaker2 wants his parents to buy him a computer game. They will go to church and open their gifts on Christmas Day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for almost a year. Speaker1's lease runs out next month and he doesn't want to renew it, so he's looking for a new place to live. Speaker2's neighbour is moving in with her daughter to help out.
Speaker2 lost his wallet in a taxi. He will borrow 50 dollars from Speaker1 for books and a trip to the gas station.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the diner around the corner to get something to eat.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know whether Speaker1 is a barbie doll or a brain.
Speaker2 had a fantastic time on a date last night. He is a junior investment banker at fortune bank. His name is David.
Speaker2 loves swimming and cycling. On Saturday morning he usually rides his bike around the city or the country road for almost two hours.
Speaker1 had a meeting with a woman from Japan today. She didn't look at him in the meeting.
Speaker1 informs that it's raining.
Speaker2 was on a trip to Brazil. He had no idea how seriously that country takes soccer. In the middle of their streets there are parks and soccer fields. Every night men, women and children play soccer until 3 and 4 a.m.
Speaker2 took more than 10 subjects including theoretical economics, political economics, western economics, statistics and so on. He also took minor courses.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what e - commerce is.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Michael Johnson's steroid use.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the pub on Sunday to watch the football.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the seaside. Speaker1 will help pay for gas. They will be there by supper time.
Ellie and her friends are singing " happy birthday" to Speaker2's ten-year-old niece. It's Speaker1's birthday today. Speaker2 will come to his birthday party at 6 pm.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the man who was murdered.
Speaker1 spent the whole afternoon in the swimming pool, because the papers make everybody listless.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the store downtown this afternoon to try on wedding dresses.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw the film last night. Speaker2 thought it was a failure. Speaker1 doesn't think so.
Speaker2 stays online for at least four hours every day. He surfs the net, checks his e - mail and chats with his friends.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to take a coffee break.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss idiomatic expressions in English.
Speaker1 wants to go to Africa but Speaker2 doesn't want to go with him.
Speaker2 is not a wrestler or a boxer. Speaker1 likes his muscular shoulders and chest.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other merry Christmas.
Speaker1's uncle's motorcycle was stolen a few nights ago. It was one of the best ones available, but the thieves disabled the alarm system, so no one knew it was being stolen. The thieves came in a truck and convinced everybody that his uncle was parked illegally and they were there to tow it away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a man who started a business five years ago and is now the richest among them. When they were students, he was no good in any subject.
Charlie hasn't finished his homework yet. Speaker1 wants to have a walk with grandma.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are excited about the speaker that comes in teal and tangerine.
Speaker1 has a passion for Chinese literature, especially the classics.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about grandpa's health. Grandpa has been smoking.
Speaker2 split up with his girlfriend. They were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for their one year anniversary, but she stood him up. He found out about it later when he saw her with another man at a club near his home. He didn't want to confront her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet on Sunday to discuss a language - exchange program where Speaker1 teaches Speaker2 Chinese and he teaches him English.
Speaker1 thinks someone is stalking her. She saw him the first time on Tuesday at the cafe. He followed her all the way home. She went into a cd store and pretended to be looking at cd's. He came in too.
Speaker1 is picking up Diane from the airport.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the wedding of Mary and her husband. Mary is going to throw the bride bouquet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have french dressing on the salad.
Speaker1 will be away for a moment. Speaker2 will keep an eye on the man peeping into the shop.
Speaker2's house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all his furniture.
Speaker2 is going back to London tomorrow after 9 months in Japan. He is going to miss the people, the food, the nightlife and the dancing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a walk in the park.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are late for the evening class. Ben has been cooking for them since Speaker1 started attending the class. Speaker2 has to prepare supper for the whole family before she leaves. Speaker1's husband is on a business trip to the U.S. now and she has to take care of everything herself. She has a one - year - old baby. Her parents will live with her for a while. The adult college entrance exam is coming up at the end of
Steve is going back to the US.
Speaker2's father failed in business. His family is going through a difficult time. Speaker2 has found a part - time job.
Speaker1 would like to know how the two met.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met. Shirley is a regional marketing manager for an it company. She works out of Beijing, but she's here on business. Shirley's friend Judy invited her to the party.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the weather in Beijing. It rained last night. It may rain again later today. There may be dark clouds and a strong wind. The fall in Beijing is beautiful, but the summer is scorching. The spring is warm and short.
Speaker2 is going to Madrid for the annual conference next Tuesday. It will be his first time leaving the country. His flight departs at 7 am. Speaker1 will pick him up from the office at 9.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for dinner and practice their english tonight. Speaker1 got paid.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to do nothing for Valentine's Day this Friday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 take a bus to and from work every day. The buses are very crowded. Speaker1 had a hard time getting on the second bus.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have lunch.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are busy with their work. They won't travel again until October.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complimenting on the sweater Speaker2 wears.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go for a drink after work.
Speaker1 used to swim a lot, but now he's taking gym classes. Speaker2 goes jogging.
Speaker1 is surprised that the boss was absent from today's meeting.
Speaker1 wants to use Speaker1's telephone.
Speaker2 is falling in love with a girl in his econ class. He has been following her around campus and hasn't talked to her yet. He will ask her on a date next week.
Speaker1's husband is helpful, but not as helpful as Speaker2 thinks.
H henry married rose after her father's money. He soon regretted it.
David bought a yellow leather sofa for $100 in the johnson thrift store.
Speaker1 is tired of everything in his life and is about to leave the family. Speaker2 is happy with his life.
Speaker1 wants to go out for dinner with her tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss ikebana, a Japanese art of flower arrangement. They also discuss tea ceremony.
Speaker2 got his doctorate in genetics. He would like to conduct scientific research into genes and make a medical breakthrough.
Speaker2 doesn't read the local newspaper because it's too biased. He reads the New York Times.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 advise Speaker2 not to tell Jenny the truth.
Speaker1 has been calling Speaker2 all morning. Speaker2 has been playing a first person shooter game called counter strike on his laptop.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complimenting on Speaker2's new hairdo.
A man sent miss smith flowers and Bryan got kicked out of class today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's wife works at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like watching current affairs programs and documentaries. There is a time limit on the amount of advertisements that can be shown per hour on tv in their country.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the opening premiere of "Star Wars" tomorrow night. Speaker1 will pick Speaker2 up at 8 pm. The movie starts at 10.
Speaker1 wants to learn to swim. He almost got drowned in the shoal waters. His mom, Speaker2, helps him learn.
Speaker2 blew the exam and doesn't want to talk to Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing table tennis.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 invite Sean, Alex, Stacy and Rebecca to come in. Speaker1's boyfriend Matt is handing out beer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think it's a good idea to hold a party outside.
Speaker1 won't be able to have dinner with Speaker2 on Friday as he's going on business to Birmingham. He'll come next Wednesday instead.
Speaker1 has lost all his lottery winnings playing the stock market.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are moving to New York. They will miss each other.
Speaker1 wants to know what is a good place for sightseeing.
Speaker1 and Jake are going out for dinner tonight. Jack made a reservation at Friday's restaurant. Speaker2 will never go out with him again.
Speaker1 has just got a job at a consulting firm. He starts next Monday. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to celebrate tonight. Speaker2 will call toby.
Speaker1 has decided to go on a diet as a new year's resolution.
Speaker2's sociology class is supposed to read a chapter in a book called sociology and the modern age. According to the syllabus, the book is in the library, but Speaker2 hasn't been able to find it. The professor has placed the book on reserve. Speaker2 will go to the reserve room and ask the reserve librarian for it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the government's social problems.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 got married 20 years ago. They have a picture of their first date.
Speaker1 is having an exam at 9 o'clock. Speaker2 will drive him to the exam.
Speaker1 gave a book to Mr. White as an appreciation for his help in the past few days.
Speaker1 wants to buy a ticket for the weekend, but it's free on the weekend.
Speaker1 would back him up to the hilt anyway.
Speaker1 will take Speaker2's picture for his passport and it will be ready in a few weeks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the style of her dress.
Speaker1 wants sandy to go to the TV with them.
It's Chinese Valentine's Day today. Speaker1 forgot to bring roses for his girlfriend.
Speaker2's favorite sport is swimming. He goes to the pool twice a week. Jogging is a substitute for swimming.
Speaker1 will pay thirty dollars for a parking permit for next semester. He will pay cash.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had lunch together. They will have lunch together next time.
Speaker1 has bought a case of flowers for Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sick of their terrible house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will sit in the back of the church. They will listen to the preacher's touching speech.
Speaker1 and Pam are going to the mall later to buy some new clothes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to wear the rings they exchanged.
Michael's grandfather died recently and left him a lot of money. He bought an old house in warton. He doesn't live on a bus line, so he has to walk 1/4 mile to get to a bus stop.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are unsure about the government clamping down on the new policy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at him for telling a joke to them.
Speaker2 is going to Barcelona for a week. He doesn't need a visa to go to Spain. He will take one of the seats by the emergency exits.
Speaker1 thinks it's important that all people have the ability to read.
Speaker1 apologized to Cindy for yelling at her in front of everyone yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting. Speaker2 is late, because he had an article to work on. He would like to thank professor smith for giving him unlimited access to his research materials.
Speaker2 has been coming home late lately because he has been working overtime lately. He works 12 hours each day, including 5 hours overtime. He will be paid extra for overtime.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the sports that are popular in their country.
Speaker1 and trina are getting married six months from now in the summer. They will have around four hundred guests. Speaker2's parents agreed to pay for most of the wedding. The hall at northwoods heights will be the reception venue. Speaker1's uncle will officiate. His daughter is going to sing a solo in an opera.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the 100-meter dash.
Speaker2 is leaving on the fifth of August for a two-week vacation to the beach. He will be staying with his friends.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the beach in Tianjin for summer vacation.
Speaker1 doesn't think he's getting better.
Speaker1 got a job offer from Dell. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a beer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like to drink coffee in the morning, but they don't want to drink too much of it as it's unhealthy.
Speaker1 wants to buy two tickets for 2:30 pm for 60 yuan each.
Zina has a secret admirer. Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like computer geeks.
Speaker2 is the only child in his family. He has an elder sister, who is married and her husband is a businessman.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know how to deal with Lily's boyfriend, Jack.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet at Yy 'S tonight. They are both going to get drunk. The place has been renovated.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Rose's baby. It's a girl.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are hungry, but they don't have cookies.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are cold. The air conditioning is too cold in the room. They can't change the temperature, because it is centrally controlled. Speaker2 is going downstairs for more drinking water.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a coffee together.
Speaker2 has a crush on a boy she met on msn. He told her she is his dream girl.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having problems with the new computer software.
Speaker2 came to Taiwan in 1995. He is from Canada.
Susan and Peter had a fight last night and she left this morning with her bag and baggage.
Speaker1 will have his first day at work tomorrow. He will wear a blue dress, white shirt, car key and simple shirt.
Speaker2 has two brothers in the picture with him.
Speaker2 is going to the cinema and won't be back home before nine. Speaker2 will come back as soon as the film is over.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see Otis lesley at the kangaroo club on Thursday night. They will meet in front of the club at about a quarter after seven and go out for coffee afterwards.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to bet on the movie that won the 1996 Oscar for best picture.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a cafe together some day.
Speaker2 had a great date with William. They went to an Italian restaurant and had an amazing conversation. She told him about how many kids she wants and her parents will be excited to meet him. They are going out again.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to andy's party. Speaker2 will get back the sweater and black leather boots from Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to download vanilla ice songs from iTunes.
Speaker2 is an agnostic. He believes in science over theology and believes in evolution.
Speaker1 has a room to himself in Cindy's new flat.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a party on Friday night at Speaker2's house. Speaker1 will bring his friend Jake with him.
Speaker1 invites the visitor to make himself at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a mutual admiration for the software that Speaker2 has designed.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Speaker2 for being so selfish.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the movies. Speaker2 can't join them as he has to help John with his math problems.
Speaker1 thinks it's beautiful and delicious.
Speaker1 is looking for housing for this semester. His friend told him that everything on campus is full, but Speaker2 can put him on a waiting list. He can also look at apartments available in the area from the housing office.
Speaker1 and Shirley are neighbors. Speaker2 is worried about the security of the community because his house has been burgled twice before. There are security guards on duty 24 hours a day and they patrol all over the neighborhood. There is a carrefour near Speaker2's house. There will be a party for new neighbors the day after tomorrow.
Speaker1 wants to know who left a note on his desk. Speaker2 can't see it.
Speaker1 almost got killed on the chair lift. Speaker2 is going to show him how to ski.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go shopping for a costume for a fancy dress party next Saturday. The party is organized by one of the girls in Speaker1's office. The theme is a country theme.
Speaker2 tries to picture the lord's face in his mind when praying.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a dance club tonight. Speaker2 won't be able to go home for the holidays.
Speaker1 is a business major and wants to take some additional credits this year to get a minor in psychology. He will take fundamental linguistics, consumer psychology and neuroanatomy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are impressed with Zina's sales skills.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a picnic, but it rains every time.
Speaker1 is late, but he doesn't know why.
Alan hasn't shown up yet. His sister had a car accident last week. She is still in a coma.
Speaker1 likes the cake and wants to know where it came from.
Speaker1 wants to know how many credits would be enough to earn a bachelor's degree.
Speaker1 would rather see her once or twice and not do anything about it. Speaker2 thinks he has the chance to win her love.
Speaker2's watch says half past five, but it's half past 5.
Speaker1 is grateful for the loan.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't danced for a long time. They want to go to a dance soon. Speaker1 has been studying for his examinations. Speaker2 has been learning Japanese. He hopes to visit Japan next year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the mall with Allan to exchange a shirt for the correct size.
Speaker1 wants to know more about his teacher. Speaker2 tells him that he is tall, handsome and handsome, with big blue eyes and long blonde hair. He is a creative painter and his paintings sell well.
Speaker1's wife has given birth to their first child today.
Speaker1 wants to marry Amy, but he's not ready for marriage yet.
Yesterday was April the first. Speaker1 was in the library going over his lessons when his roommate called him. He went back to the dorm to find his roommates laughing and shouting " april fool".
Speaker1 thinks she looks great and beautiful today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss which was more exciting, starting college or starting work. Speaker1 chose starting school.
Speaker2 hasn't got in touch with his brother yet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't watch the game last night. Spain won two to zero.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the tokyo branch of their company.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the cold and the football game last night. Speaker2 saw Speaker1 with his daughter at the office Christmas party.
Jack and Speaker2 had a basketball match with class two and won.
Speaker1 informs Speaker2 that he will have to take a make - up exam in logic as he failed.
Speaker2 is returning a book to the library. He also needs to check out a video.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen any new films recently. Speaker1 saw " chinese - style divorce" two years ago. The divorce rate in China has been on the rise in recent year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss tea and coffee.
Speaker1 wants to know how he gets paid. Speaker2 doesn't get paid in cash, but in stock options. He doesn't have to worry about rent, because he lives right here.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have forgotten their drinks. Speaker2 will bring them to them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking forward to the new semester. There will be a new english teacher this semester.
Speaker1 is considering the new job that was posted yesterday. The job would allow him to move up but might be a little boring for him. He is considering a slight pay decrease.
Speaker1 wants to know what do you do.
Speaker1 wants to know how much do you make a month and why.
Speaker1 wishes she could unsay the sharp words to him. He must hate her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering if mountain biking is an olympic sport.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the city Speaker2 lives in. They discuss the best things to do there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 celebrate Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November. They eat turkeys.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a great party. Speaker1 works for the bank of china in the international section.
Speaker1 made a bid on the buddha and sent it to Speaker2.
Speaker1 is tired of Speaker2's cut - and - dried opinions.
Speaker1 is going to the nail salon to get her nails done. She went last week. She spends more time at the salon than at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the bucky card. The card gives students discounts on movies, pizza, clothing, school supplies and club cover charges. It costs only 19 dollars a year for a card.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are writing a letter to sue. Speaker2 will tell them about his promotion and thank them for the Christmas package they sent them.
Speaker1 will charge Speaker2 $ 5 for the damage to the book he dropped and the cover tore off.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that he is penny wise and pound - foolish.
Speaker2 didn't sleep much last night because his roommate, Miao Li, has turned his computer into an electronic playground. He plays football, rides horses, drives racing cars, and does a lot of other games. Speaker2 and Speaker1 use e - mail to stay in touch with their friends.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the weather in their city. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. There are thunderstorms every day usually in the afternoon. In winter the temperature often falls below zero. The river in Speaker1's city sometimes freezes over.
Speaker1 used to think that Americans had a lot of money but they didn't know what to do with it. Now he has a more realistic opinion.
Speaker1 didn't sleep well last night, because he was worried about his mother's health.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a walk along the river this morning.
Speaker2 doesn't like the performance of Charlie Chaplin in the new film.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's parents want to live separately. Speaker1 will live with their parents when he's old.
Speaker1 went to visit a customer in ivs company's office the other day. He likes the design of the office.
Speaker2 is going to study in the US. She is worried about cooking for her Chinese host family.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the Star Wars episode and the movie. Speaker2 and Speaker1 are excited about the next episode of the series.
Speaker2 met him on her birthday. They e-mailed each other.
Speaker1 forgot about Valentine's Day. Clive asked him out to a movie.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want John to meet their new manager, Charles Brown, at the airport.
Speaker2 got caught cheating and his teacher told him he failed. His father will kill him if he fails.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker1 has been busy studying for his school exams, which will begin next month. Speaker2's parents are both doing well.
Speaker2's name is Helen baker. She's from New Zealander. She works as a teacher.
Speaker1 was too excited to sleep last night and didn't go to sleep until quite late. He went to sleep about 2 o'clock in the morning. They are climbing the mountain. They have to reach the top by noon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the red sunset and air pollution. Speaker1 will drive next week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish Jim happy new year. Speaker1 is going to temple fair with his family.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about who should do the housework.
Bobby and his wife, evelyn, are going to have a baby on Speaker1's birthday. They are expecting a boy.
Speaker1 wants to buy one of those snack things from a vending machine. Speaker2 explains him how to buy it.
Speaker1 will have the leg of lamb for lunch today.
Speaker2 couldn't find the book he was looking for. Speaker1 will reserve a copy for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to install an online messenger program when Speaker1 gets home.
Speaker2 is reading a book about money management. He wants to earn a lot of money and be a millionaire.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are preparing for the final exam, which is coming soon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will take a trip abroad if they can afford it.
Speaker2 is going to kill the cat that ate Speaker1's fish.
Speaker1 helped Speaker2 and he's all set now.
Speaker1 wants to get together this weekend and invites Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are late for a meeting. Speaker1 must catch the 9:30 train.
Speaker2 would like to change his job as he finds it boring. His parents don't care about it.
Speaker1 is going to Beijing for a business trip. He went there once last summer. Speaker2 is going there for a vacation to visit a friend. He didn't like the subway. He will take the bus or rent a car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like watching TV usually.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are forming a study group to prepare for the finals. They plan to meet on Wednesday evenings at the library from 7 to 8 pm.
Peter's girlfriend broke up with him. His girlfriend is inviting him over to a party.
Speaker1 wants to borrow a car from someone.
Speaker1 is a member of the basketball club. Speaker2 hasn't decided which club to join.
Speaker1 helped Speaker2 and he's all set now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the central music hall tonight to hear a piano solo.
Speaker1 is tired of this job.
Speaker2 doesn't like this place, but his mother and father like it very much. They come here almost every month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will call him uncle or Henry.
Speaker2 went on vacation to Malaysia and Thailand. He went bungee jumping. He jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have lunch outside. The weather is nice.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to the movie yesterday. Speaker1 thinks the film is the worst one he has ever seen.
There has been talk at school about canceling the concert.
Speaker1 didn't come to last week's class because he was sick. Speaker2 sent him the notes from the class.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have made an error in their test score. They are going to correct it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have seen a new feature film.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about the noise in the neighborhood.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's teacher is strict and strict.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the latin club on Friday night to dance. They will go to the new bar on Friday. Speaker1 likes latin music. Speaker2 doesn't.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a rest on the weekend. Speaker1 will visit his aunt. Speaker2 will work on the chart assigned by Mr. Wharton on Friday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's vision is 20 / 350. They have to go to the bathroom in the woods.
Speaker1 was walking down nan jing dong lu ( nan - jing e . rd) during his lunch break and heard a man calling his name. He was looking at him.
Speaker1 doesn't look well last night.
Speaker2 has a fever and a bad headache. Speaker2 will see a doctor.
Murphy Music and U - Tunes are merging. They will take over the company as of next month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a look at Speaker1's dormitory.
Speaker1 wants to go hitchhiking to New England, but Speaker2 won't go with him.
Speaker1 has to excuse herself because of nature.
Speaker1 has asked Julia to marry him five times, but she's not ready for married life.
Speaker2's cat is wearing a monkey suit because she was born in the year of the monkey.
Speaker1's watch has stopped and it's five minutes to eleven.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how long it takes to learn English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the weather in the spring.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't see anything wrong with what they are doing.
Speaker1 will take the seat that Speaker2 took.
Speaker1 is going to get together with a girl he met online.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to change the letter of application that Speaker1 wrote for betty.
Speaker1 bought the latest copy of beauty and fashion magazine. There is an interview with a top fashion designer about the latest fashions. They tested facial cleaners. Speaker2 likes to take the tests that they print in the magazine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to play beach volleyball.
Speaker1 will visit Speaker1 this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a dance hall in Beijing. Speaker1 is interested in disco dancing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will keep their cool for a week to make sure stars. com is happy.
Speaker2 will apply for a library card for a book.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to read "Pride and Prejudice" as their english teacher wants them to. The book is a romance novel set in the early 19th century. The main storyline is about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls. The girls won't get his inheritance.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what is wrong with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss idiomatic expressions in English.
Speaker1 is the new secretary. She is half an hour early. She will keep her desk neat and keep her time card neat. She can use the phone during office hours, but she can't make personal calls.
Speaker1 wants to drop in on him for a chat.
Speaker1 advises Speaker2 to do as the Romans do and go to work by car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have some money left in the budget. They will organize a party in the office on Friday afternoon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in San Francisco. They are confused why they have to take the subway instead of taking a tram or double - decker.
The company is going to replace the old computers with the latest ones. They will all get a docking station on their own desk.
Speaker1 wants to tell Mary something, but he's afraid she'll become angry.
Speaker1 wants to talk to Speaker2 about his grades. He is worried that he messed up on a test. He thinks he could do better.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are feeling sorry for sandra.
Speaker1 slept well last night. He has to drive to school for a meeting this morning. A school called him to teach a few classes this weekend. He's supposed to work on a paper that's due on Monday.
An englishman, a scotsman, an irishman and a Scotsman were going on a trip across the desert. They met up at the start of the journey and showed each other their equipment. The englishman had brought some water, the Scotsman a map and a map. The irish man brought a car door.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for girls who try to bleed you white. Some guys splash money on them.
Speaker1 doesn't want to go to a concert. Speaker2 likes traveling, swimming, going to the cinema, painting, sailing and watching football.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think Beijing opera is a bore.
Speaker2 is married to a foreigner who is half Chinese and half American. The first year of their marriage was difficult. They had a lot of conflicts. They have a two - year - old boy. He speaks mostly Chinese and English.
Speaker2 is going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter. The training course will cover the new law and regulation issued last month. There will be a seminar on these issues at the beginning of the training course.
Speaker1 and Tom haven't seen each other since last summer. Speaker1 got her degree two weeks ago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a wedding ceremony on September 9th.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy yogurt together. Speaker2 has more items in his cart.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the country's natural resources. Speaker2's country exports some coal, copper, iron, aluminium and precious stone. They import oil from Venezuela.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen any good movies lately.
Mandy will come for dinner to the new five spices restaurant in chaoyang tonight. It's asian fusion.
Bob is disturbed these days. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a heart - to - heart talk with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't like the movie last night. Mary liked the photography and acting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are unhappy with Speaker2's behaviour.
Speaker1 proposes a toast to Mary johnson, teacher of the year, who worked hard all year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss Jimmy's decision to take him in.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see "Hot Fuzz" tomorrow night at 8 pm at the Phoenix theatres. They will meet at 7.45 pm.
Joe is living on his parents since he has graduated from college.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play mah tiang on Saturday night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new teacher. Her hair is blond and her eyes are dark gray.
Speaker2's father failed in business. His family is going through a difficult time. Speaker2 has found a part - time job.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on his daughter's graduation as the valedictorian. Speaker2's daughter has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship.
Speaker2 is going to visit his uncle in Brisbane for three weeks. Speaker1 once went to Singapore by air. One of the engines caught fire and the pilot put it out.
Speaker2 is going out with John. She loves him.
Speaker1 heard a rumor that trusten tools is going out of business and will be taken over by trusten. The new owners will start alignment meetings next week. The company will be merged with trusten's largest competitor.
Speaker1 and Jim are going to see the ballet swan lake by the famous Russian national ballet troupe this evening at Beijing grand theater. Speaker2 can't join them, because he has to write a term paper.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father has a habit of taking naps.
Speaker1 and Louise met again.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the ritz for dinner. Speaker1 will change into his street clothes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's younger brother is interested in finance because he wanted to inherit the family fortune.
Peter just retired. He is almost sixty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to eat dinner and catch up.
Speaker1 is going to buy a car this year. He will work in holidays and pay for it by installments.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to turn on the lamp as their baby has fallen sleep.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to London tomorrow. They're going to see Westminster Abbey and Madame Tussaud's Waxworks Museum.
Speaker1 wants to know where is his contract.
Jean married a business tycoon, but Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think she loves him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a concert in the Capital Theatre on Sunday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't believe that anlesen david and davi got engaged. They got engaged last weekend while they were on the Sik trip. They will marry next June.
Ted is scared of dogs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think the government needs a radical plan to improve the economy. The income taxes were decreased last year in hope to give the economy a boost, but it backfired.
Speaker2 has a nice apartment. His wife would be happy to hear that.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in Mexico. Yesterday the Mexican government declared a default on the loans it got from the world bank. Because of the default, the currency value of mexican pesos has dropped by half. They have twice as much money to spend.
Speaker2 is starting to learn English. He learned it by himself.
Speaker1 is tired because she spends all her time looking after her baby.
Speaker1 is itching for moving.
Speaker1 understands the feeling of the girl.
Speaker1 is excited about Chinese New Year and wants to visit his grandma. He wants his dad to buy him firecrackers. Last year Speaker1 was scared of firecracker when his dad set them off.
Tom forgot to put on his sports shoes. Speaker2 has them in his bag. He will put them on right away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about their cousin Herbert's smile.
A Chinese girl has broken the world record in the five thousand meters race in the Olympic games.
Speaker2 doesn't look well. He's worried about his exam.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the way people use and treat animals. Speaker2 thinks most people treat their pets well, but they are often cruel to animals. They think people should stop eating animals, but some people would still hunt them.
Speaker2 will go abroad to study electronic engineering. He will apply to Harvard, Yale, Michigan, the university of Michigan and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Speaker1 wants to know how the meeting is going.
Speaker1 and Jack have known each other since they were toddlers. Jack is sincere and trustworthy, but he can be conniving at times. Speaker1 needs someone that he can count on for this job.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the concert at 7:30 pm on Saturday at their club.
Speaker2 has borrowed the books from Speaker1. He must return them within a month. He can come in and renew them if someone else has reserved them.
Speaker2 has been working overtime lately. His boss gave him a big project and he had to have it finished by this morning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Korea. Speaker2 likes Korea. The best island of Korea is Jizhou island. There is attractive scenery, pleasant climate and a pleasant climate, but the traffic is terrible.
Speaker1 wants to know how to dress for the party.
Speaker1 loves her but he wants to be alone.
Speaker1 thinks he saw an eagle, but there are no eagles here.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met the smiths for a long time, because they have moved to Chicago.
Speaker2 went camping to the coast last Saturday. There were six members of his party there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet for dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the folk antique handicrafts and collectibles exhibition halls tomorrow. There are over 200 folk collections in this city. There is one exhibition half for multiple collection, and several individual display rooms for private collectors.
The show is starting in a few minutes. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will find their seats in row 11.
Speaker2 is about to board the plane to leave China. He will say goodbye to Speaker1 and his friends.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to swim in the lake, because it's polluted.
Speaker1 has always wanted to own a farm and live out in the country. Speaker2 doesn't know a thing about farming.
Speaker2 used to play football regularly when he was at university and athletics in the summer. Now he hasn't had time to play sports since he got married. The company likes people who join the company to play in the company sports teams.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complimenting on Speaker2's outfit. Speaker2 got it on sale at the department store a couple of days ago.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are making fun of a girl who has been studying all day.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to hold this for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that television is too biased. They think that the internet is a lot worse.
Speaker1 went to the doctor yesterday. He has got the flu. He was told to stay in bed for ten days.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the weather here.
There was a team buying session this morning. Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a good time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go on a tour together to see the Three Gorges in China.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the growth of online matchmaker sites like ecrush. They discuss safety tips for people pursuing relationships on the internet.
Speaker1 is interested in teaching jazz and is looking for jazz students.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are satisfied with Speaker2's speech.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about smith.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like black people dancing. Speaker1 is not a great dancer.
Speaker1 doesn't want to have a girlfriend who goes out with other guys all the time.
The bonus at Speaker2's company is about the equivalent of six months' salary. Speaker1 bought a bmw on his visa card. He missed a credit payment last month and his bank account is overdrawn. The company is threatening to take back his purchases. Speaker2 bought a home health monitor.
Speaker2 lived in Australia for almost a year as an international student at the university of Sydney. She went to frasier island, Frasier Island, the east coast of Australia, and to the north of Australia. She saw dingo running along the beach and sharks in the water. She lost a finger on an introductory dive.
Tom did speaker1 a lot of favors.
Speaker1 has just had his new paper published. He has been accepted by Oxford university on a doctorate.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sending birthday wishes to Kate.
Speaker1 saw Avril Lavigen yesterday. He worked as a temporary staff in her concert. He likes some of her songs and thinks she's talented.
Speaker1 has to go home now and thanks Jenny for inviting him to her party.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering how they are going to calculate their final grades. Speaker2 will allow one unexcused absence.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the music concert they just saw. Speaker1 has three kings, a pair of aces and a silver electric guitar.
Speaker2's grandmother passed away a couple of days ago. He wasn't there at the funeral. He misses her. He visited her in the cemetery.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go downtown for a movie on Friday evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to eat.
Speaker1 can't progress up the career ladder even though he has been here for 2 years. He has a degree in business but his degree wasn't in business. The business schools measure your ability through a test called gmat, which contains three parts. He should practice for it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't started their term papers yet, because they are due two weeks later. Speaker2 has been busy with her part - time job the last few days. Speaker1 is thinking of getting a part-time job next year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with their lives. Speaker1 had a car accident ten years ago, but he has no regrets about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the cinema to see a war movie tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been working hard at their lessons for a fortnight. They want to take it easy this weekend. There is no performance at the national theater this weekend, so they will go to the cinema to see Gone with the wind at six cinemas on Saturday night. The nearest one is the royal, which starts at 7:30 pm. The later show starts at 9:30.
Speaker1 thinks her new boyfriend is even worse than her ex-boyfriend.
Speaker1 believes that the man behind her mother is her elder brother.
Speaker1 has to go, so he will see you later.
Speaker1 doesn't know what to say to speaker2.
Speaker1 wants to know who is speaker1's favourite singer.
Speaker1 sent Speaker2 a pen and some paper.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have an official business before the dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 used to talk to each other before they were married. They used to do so much together and never argued.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are studying for their chemistry exam on December 1st. Speaker2 is pessimistic, because he thinks he will fail the exam.
Speaker2 transferred to pcc from another school. He loves it here. He left pcc.
Speaker1 is down and out and doesn't know what to do now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 were talking about Kate and her new boyfriend last night.
Speaker1's parents want her to marry a Chinese man. She used to have the same problem when she was with her ex. She broke up with her Korean boyfriend because of cultural differences.
Speaker1 doesn't know how to adjust his life. He drinks a lot of wine and doesn't sleep well.
Speaker1 has a new assistant. Speaker2 wasn't impressed with her.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to pick up the garbage he threw on the ground. It's a $ 500 penalty for littering.
Speaker1 wants to find out what speaker1 is doing this weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to meet up in Chicago.
Speaker2 buys name - brand clothing, shoes, and electronic goods. Speaker1 avoids name-brand items. He doesn't have a brand preference for higher - end items.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched the fashion awards last night. Speaker2 is not interested in some of the designs.
Speaker1 says that the national economy is increasing hand over fist.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met Betty in hospital last week. She suffers from cancer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see all places of renown in suzhou. They will go by bike or bus.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to go into the world because they are afraid.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are late. Speaker1's phone is disconnected. Speaker2's car didn't start, so he had to warm it up in the garage with a heater. The theater guild is supposed to call Speaker1 this evening to discuss a contract for his play. They are going to wait at Ann's house to talk with them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a powell orchestra concert tonight at the new concert hall.
Speaker1 will take the add sheet to the admissions and records office to add a class. He will check his roll sheet in a few weeks to make sure he is on the roll sheet.
Jim's birthday is on Friday. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a surprise party for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the differences between spring and summer and winter.
Speaker2 has just come out of a meeting that didn't go well. The meeting was about streamlining the office's workflow to make it more efficient. Bob was chairing the meeting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema to see ' farewell my concubine' tonight. Speaker1's brother offered him two tickets.
Speaker1 would like to run his own farm. His uncle owns a farm and he has spent time working with him.
The experiment is to start at 3. Speaker2's air compressor doesn't work.
Paul and Susan are engaged. They will be married soon.
Speaker1's friend is getting married next month and Speaker1 is supposed to be a bridesmaid. Speaker1 has been starving himself for days and hasn't lost any weight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Elvis Presley's new song.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for several days. Speaker2 has been helping his uncle, an accountant, for a week.
Speaker2 and Diane went for a drive in the country on Saturday. They drove to the lake and had a picnic. Speaker1 worked on his car all day.
Speaker1 has to go, but he would like to stay a little longer.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to bring back the software he lent to him.
Speaker1 is in favour of computers because he thinks they teach kids to think. Speaker2 doesn't agree with that.
Speaker1 doesn't like black shoes. Speaker2 thinks black shoes are better than pink.
Speaker1 is going to gamble on the world cup tonight. She and her husband are betting on France.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met at John's dinner last month. Speaker1 used to work for 3m but now he works for microsoft. Speaker2 is a fashion designer and has a fashion show next month. He will bring a friend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the name of the series that was just shown.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to convert 10000 pounds into US dollars.
Speaker2 is happy with his new car and has no regrets.
Speaker1 is going to pay for the meal he had with Steven in Beijing. There is no tipping in China.
Speaker1 and Mary haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has a new hobby of collecting stamps. They discuss it with other collectors.
Speaker1 is in hot water now as all the things seem to be blown up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at the grand canyon and Colorado river from a state park.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's neighbour's tape recorder is so loud that it annoys them. Speaker1 will cut the electricity off.
David is not in the mood. After six months of college, he will have to look for a job.
Speaker2 doesn't look well. He's worried about his exam.
Speaker1 doesn't know what is wrong with frank.
Speaker2 didn't study for the test. He will drop out of the class.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that she is pretty and meek, but not both.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't hear the news that Miss Yang is dating the manager who is married.
David didn't clean the room. Speaker2 was told his girlfriend was speaking ill of him. He's depressed.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to change the letter of application that Speaker1 wrote for betty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are packing for their departure. They spent the last two weeks in a beautiful place. They ate the best pasta in a small restaurant at the corner of the street. They will be at the airport in two hours.
Speaker2's parents live in Shanghai, his hometown. He doesn't go back there often.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't watch the live telecast of the world cup last night. Speaker2 missed it, because he was watching a concert.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the birthday cake.
Speaker1 has done a lot of business for his company and now he wants to go into business for himself. He might sell up his company.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the seasons in their city. Speaker2 loves the summers and hates the winters. Speaker1 doesn't go on summer holidays.
Speaker1 and his assistant are sending Speaker2 to Shanghai for a business trip this weekend. The trip will be paid for and everything will be taken care of. Speaker2 will get on the train tonight. He will stay in the same hotel as his meetings. The first meeting is scheduled for 9 am tomorrow.
Speaker2 forgot to reserve the concert tickets. Speaker1 reminded him this morning.
Speaker1 and Jim will go to the gym to play singsong at the gym. They will meet with mary and Sally, who often go there to play singong.
Speaker1 has been called back for an interview with Markweed inc. and is considering taking a job with them. The company has a reputation for being one of the best employers in the field. They have an excellent benefits package for all employees, even the maintenance staff have health and dental coverage. The wages are reasonable. They attacked some high profile employees with their incentives.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the earthquake in Wenchman.
Speaker1 has to take the books to renew them if he wants to renew.
Speaker1 feels left high and dry with nobody to rely on.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 played football yesterday. They all went swimming. They won't go swimming this afternoon. They are going to help Mr. Smith to plant some flowers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have lived here for about four years. Speaker1 will get them something to drink.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the natural resources of their countries.
Speaker1 doesn't want to have too much to do with him, because his father is a prisoner.
Speaker2 has an offer to work for a company in Speaker1's city. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet in real life soon.
Speaker2 is a heavy smoker. His father smoked two packs of cigarettes a day for forty years and died of lung cancer.
Speaker2 was rude to his wife. He didn't like her butting in where he didn't want her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Speaker2's name.
Speaker1 doesn't want to be quiet.
Speaker1 has to miss school next week. He will make up the missed class.
Speaker1 will wear a formal suit and brown leather shoes to a party in his company. The general director will give a speech and most of the staff will take part in.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think their boss is the nicest in management. He said Speaker2 was the hardest working person in the office.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss water pollution. They discuss the sources of water pollution and the prevention thereof.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are tired of dancing but Speaker2 finds it enjoyable.
Speaker1 is sick of his job. He has to work late at night and in the office. He can't afford to quit his job until he gets a new one.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will see each other again next year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to visit West Lake for the first time.
Speaker1 talked to his parents about two weeks ago. He is going to go home after the holidays and they are going to have a Christmas in January or February.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to pick up Conrad before the party. They are supposed to meet him at cal ' s bar at 10. cal 's bar is a gay bar. Conrad is gay. Speaker2 will try to go in the bar. If Conrad is there, they will leave for the party and have a drink.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are excited about the triplets that Speaker2 has just given birth to.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are preparing for the big family barbecue tomorrow. Grace will bring cups and serviettes for the beer.
Speaker1 asks Rose how is rose now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy to see the sun back after the downpour. It's going to rain tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for some books for their mother's eighty - seven-year-old mother.
Speaker1 doesn't want to write the invitation cards.
Speaker1 has one daughter and one son. Speaker2 has one son and one daughter. His parents live with his brother now. Speaker1's parents live by themselves now. They will probably go to a retirement home.
Speaker1 doesn't like the way you are dressing for the dinner party tonight.
Speaker1 was watching a documentary on tv about people use dogs for various purpose. He and Speaker2 love dogs.
Speaker1 wants to ask a girl in his company out, but he gets shy when she is around him. He will meet her at the bus stop.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go for a walk in the spring.
Speaker2 went to Croydon yesterday for an interview. He didn't go shopping.
John hasn't got married up to now, because he has been carrying a torch for Mary for years.
Speaker1 and Andrea worry about Speaker2. They would like Speaker2 to move in with them, but Speaker2 refuses.
Lily broke up with Speaker2 last week after seven years together. He is upset.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a TV show tonight. Speaker2 will go with Speaker1.
Speaker2 will have them ready for stars. com by the end of next week. After that, there could be some big changes around here.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about parents forcing their children to learn something they think is important to them.
Speaker1 will come to Speaker2's party next Sunday at home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are leaving for the concert in about 25 minutes.
Speaker1 is renewing the borrowing for sense and sensibility and a biography. He will pay 3 yuan for both.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a dinner tonight. There will be 6 people at the dinner. Paul and Marc cancelled at the last moment.
Speaker2 doesn't mind Speaker1 coming over to use his computer, but he has to type his paper tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a walk to look for plum blossoms in the snow.
Speaker1 is working on Christmas Eve. He had one or two glasses of eggnog tonight. He has a few christmas gifts in the back.
Speaker1 heard that she's going to Tainan to visit her uncle.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think the state will benefit from the taxing increases.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father has been out of work for a couple of days. He has a bad cold.
Speaker1 will go to the bookstore to buy his textbooks. He will give his used textbooks to the person at the booth outside the door.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to take the train to work. Speaker2 bought a new Ford for $ 14, 500.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to hire a bike on Sunday.
Speaker1 wishes the teacher wouldn't make them read this book.
Mr. Brown is in hospital again. He has never been healthy.
Someone told speaker1 that he is very hot - tempered.
Speaker2 doesn't like playing tennis and doesn't find it exciting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are older than each other. Speaker2's birthday is on April 14th.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are applying for the advanced geology course next semester. Speaker2 is a junior, but Speaker1 will let him enroll.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet for a pizza next week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go on a bungee jump on Sunday morning.
Speaker1 has delayed the work. Speaker2 will miss his chance.
Speaker1's weight has gone up again. He's tried diets before but they haven't worked.
Speaker2 had a get - together with friends from college. He hasn't seen many of them since graduation. Speaker1 spent all day shopping with jo and they went out for dinner together. They argue a lot, but they get along very well.
Speaker2 had a bad day yesterday, because he lost his bag in the library.
Speaker1 wants to go for a drink with Speaker2 tonight, but Speaker2 is having dinner with his friends.
Speaker1 wants to know if he likes a package tour or to travel alone.
Speaker1 will get the door for Speaker2 and help him with it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried that they might lose money on their stocks.
Speaker1 made his dormitory deposit for next year. Speaker2 is not sure if he's going to make his. He's thinking about living off campus.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 enjoyed the party. Speaker1 will give Speaker2 a ride back home.
Speaker1 is from Beijing. Speaker2 is from Paula, America.
Mel gibson was arrested by the police last week on suspicion of driving under influence.
Speaker1 has met her before, haven't he?
Speaker1 was in a hurry and forgot his umbrella, so he will share it with Speaker2. They are going to the garden hotel.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for dinner on Friday at 6 pm.
Speaker1 wants to water the flowers, but Speaker2 doesn't want to. It's going to rain soon.
Speaker2 can speak English very well. He lived in England as a child.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 explain the difference between football and rugby.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for dinner to a new french restaurant in their neighborhood. They don't need to book a table.
Speaker2 doesn't like the performance of Charlie Chaplin in the new film.
Alice sued her former boss for sexual harassment. He was her lover and wanted to leave her, so she got revenge. Speaker1 has a phone call.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw the new film ' transformer' last night. Speaker2 was disappointed with the movie. Speaker1's sister has given him two tickets for tonight's movie 'The life of rose'.
Speaker1 wants to know how Peter is doing.
Speaker1 can't ignore her suggestion. Speaker2 convinces him to go against her.
Speaker1 is decorating his house. He is going to get a special pendent lamp.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like the music but not the lyrics.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at the alpha phi alpha party tonight.
Speaker2 lives in a big family. His grandpa is the head of the family and his grandma is the vice - president. His family is highly educated but traditional. Speaker1 lives in New York City with his mother, stepfather and four boys. During the summer he will live with his dad in California. Speaker2 invites him to visit him in Korea.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't see each other last night. Speaker1 was almost on line the whole night.
Speaker1 is going to have some people over for dinner on Saturday night. Speaker2 won't join them as he will be busy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are very grateful for Speaker2's help.
Speaker2 is acting weird tonight. He is in the mood to act goofy.
Speaker1 wants Mary to stop tapping her pen on her desk and slurping her coffee every time she has a cup. She also wants her to stop shouting and talking on the phone.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss dieting and obesity. Speaker2 doesn't think dieting is good for you.
Speaker1 has received the admission letter from Cambridge university. Speaker2 congratulates him.
Speaker1 wants to ask Speaker2 a personal question. Speaker2 is not married and is not planning to get married.
Bob's feet are smelly in the cafe.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go bowling tonight and see a movie tomorrow. Speaker1 wants to go camping for the weekend, but Speaker2 is not sure if he can.
Speaker1 describes her as a player who never hides how she's feeling.
Speaker1: good afternoon , johnson.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner at Speaker1's place at 6 pm tonight. Speaker1 owes his landlady $200.
Speaker1 doesn't want Speaker2 to play the record so loud.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to the gym. Speaker2 will join them. Speaker1 wants to get in shape. He keeps running even in the winter. He was on the swimming team in high school.
Speaker1's boss is mad at him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to America.
Speaker1's favourite ice cream flavor is vanilla with toppings. Speaker2's favourite is hot fudge sundae. He doesn't like ice cream with too many different flavors.
Ben is forming his own band. Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to join the band.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are admiring Janet check and burd.
Speaker1 is going to America. He hopes to leave before the end of the month.
Cindy and Ron have two children, one son and one daughter, as well as one daughter - in - law and one son - in- law. They have three grandchildren, one girl and two boys.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are confident that doctor Thompson will cure their daughter's disease.
Speaker2 lives in an apartment downtown. Speaker1 has a house in the suburbs.
Speaker1 has to go now, because his family is expecting him home soon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have lunch together for lunch.
Speaker1 thinks it's awfully hot.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that it's a glorious day today.
Speaker1 doesn't think he's getting better.
Speaker1 went on a business trip with his boss. He spent half of the weekend on a train. Speaker2 will ask the boss about giving him a day off today.
Speaker2 will book two tickets for the film 'Jane Eyre' for tomorrow evening. He will pick them up from the box office this afternoon.
Speaker1 is going to keep the book that Speaker2 lent him for another three days.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to study for the test tomorrow.
Speaker2's roommate invited him and his roommate to dinner. He fell in love with his roommate the first time he met her.
Speaker2 informs Speaker1 that the lecture starts at twelve minutes past seven.
Speaker1 and Kathleen are in a relationship. Speaker1 and Speaker2 love each other.
Speaker2 will help Speaker1 set the table for four.
Speaker1 wants to borrow wreckers from Speaker2 until Monday or Tuesday next week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema this evening to see the new blockbuster starring mel gibson and Julia Roberts. The movie starts at 8 pm.
Speaker1 lent Speaker2 five dollars yesterday. Speaker2 will bring the money.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss their hobbies. Speaker2 likes collecting stamps. Speaker1 plays chess and basketball.
Speaker1 will take Speaker2 to a new restaurant next time and take him to try the sichuan cuisine.
Speaker1 has just returned from Spain. It was his first time there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the pymeids, the pentagon, the office building, the sports stadium and the tv towers.
Speaker1 is not sure if Speaker2 is speaking.
Speaker1 wants to know how galaxies in the universe move through space. Speaker2 explains that galaxies sit passively in the space around them. As the space between galaxies expands, it carries galaxies further apart. The milky way galaxy may collide with a neighboring galaxy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a fitness class. Speaker2 had a blast, but Speaker1 is not.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will take Speaker1's coat.
Speaker2 has a garden. He takes care of it everyday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's golden watch is lost.
Speaker1 wants to know how to use the library as she is a new student.
Speaker1 regrets having a baby so early. Speaker2 has three sons and a grandson. She had to take care of them most of the time because her husband seldom stayed at home. If her family goes to america, she will have to care for the child all the time.
Speaker2 had a fantastic history class today. They learnt the story of Zheg He sailing to the west ocean. He came across the Indian ocean and arrived at the east coast of Africa. He didn't finish reading the book he got from Speaker1. He will start reading it after supper. Pirates of the Caribbean is on.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a lot of foreign customers. Speaker2 speaks two foreign languages, french and Spanish.
This historian is famous in the field of tang dynasty. He always sits above the salt when there is a seminar about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about their friend's hobbies and business.
Speaker1 was absent yesterday. He got a certificate for sick - leave. He has already got the reading material handed out yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are leaving now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a historic coffeehouse. Someone was killed there while he was eating.
Speaker2 and his girlfriend split up. They were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for their one year anniversary, but she stood him up. He found out about it later when he saw her drinking with another man at a club near his home. He called her later, but he didn't hear from her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about their hobbies. Speaker2 likes photography.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 handed out all the water. The teacher told them to get back all the disposable cups later.
Speaker1 wants to reserve two orchestra seats for tomorrow night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to do something different today. Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to give her a short haircut.
Speaker1 wants to go to the cinema and stay at home watching TV.
Speaker1 is thinking about resigning from his current job. He gave his resignation letter to his boss last Friday. He has found a new job at ayz company.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy yogurt together. Speaker2 has more items in his cart.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a program about Islam. There are a lot of people on a pilgrimage to Mecca. They are muslims on a haj, which is the spiritual centre of the Muslim faith. Many people go on the haj each year, but the number of pilgrims is too high.
Speaker2 is going to study management in the United States. Before working in the office, he was a teacher. He will support himself during his stay there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are shocked by Taylor's obituary. femi took time off work to attend the viewing at Myers funeral home today until five.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to marry.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to bring him a ristretto.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the spring festival. They discuss the differences between Christmas and the spring Festival.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the movies. Speaker2 can't join them as he has to help John with his math problems.
Bob refused all his classmates' invitation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to the supermarket. It's freezing outside. They will wait for the weather to clear up before they go shopping. Speaker1 will move the car and turn the heat on.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss China's dominance in table tennis at the Beijing Olympic Games.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to read "Pride and Prejudice" as their english teacher wants them to. The book is a romance novel set in the early 19th century. The main storyline is about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls. The girls won't get his inheritance.
Speaker1 is leaving for Berkeley in two weeks. He will start looking for an apartment soon. Speaker2 will make dinner reservations for 7 o'clock on Saturday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have the open house party on Friday next Friday. They will hire a clown to entertain the kids. Speaker1 is excited about having his own yard.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are scared because it's raining.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking forward to the spring festival. They like the big face down the eve, special tv programs, fire crackers and games to play.
Mary is a professional climber and likes mountain climbing.
Mary has been sick for two weeks and Speaker1 is worried she won't be able to catch up with her class.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 got a letter from Ray and Sue in Shanghai. They are going to stay with them in Shanghai in June.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the election. There are 100 candidates running for one seat. Speaker1 thinks Mr. White will be elected.
May doesn't get along with her mother - in - law. John is having problems with his mother-in-law.
Speaker1 has an appointment at 8:30 pm.
Taylor has stomach cancer. He didn't show up at the potluck.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for almost three months. Speaker2 is on a diet and has lost twelve pounds. He goes to dance every day after work for two hours.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to joe's restaurant.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are celebrating Speaker1's birthday.
Speaker1 wants Sam to find a job so they can afford the everyday expenses.
Speaker1 can't find the book Speaker2 lent him. He will buy a new one for Speaker2.
Speaker2's favourite magazine is Reader's Digest. It's instructive and inspiring. It is a weekly magazine. It enjoys popularity among the young generation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go fishing on the weekend.
Speaker1 was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony. Speaker2 explains that many couples today write their own wedding vows. The reception reminds Speaker1 and Speaker2 of wedding parties back in China.
Speaker1 has picked Jacob as a secret Santa for the office this year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 hate sand storms. The government is working on it, but it's not easy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for ages. Speaker1 has been out of town.
Bob refused all his classmates' invitations and nobody likes approaching him.
Speaker2 had a terrible day at work and is thinking of quitting his job.
Speaker1 can't learn french. Speaker2 thinks he's making progress.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a party tonight at 7:00 pm.
Speaker1 is from California in the United States, but he is now studying in England. He went to Munich last week. Speaker2 is German and lives in Munich. He is studying German and Italian.
Speaker2 is reading a biography about Bob Dylan, a famous American musician. There are 15 chapters in total. He should be done with it by Friday and he will give it to Speaker1 in class.
Speaker1 doesn't want to get below 80 marks out of 100.
Speaker2 hasn't made a decision about transferring to a new school yet. Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that Speaker2 should continue at Pcc.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for a drink tonight. Speaker1 had a tough interview for a job. The manager tried to talk about the chinese poesy with him.
Speaker2 went on a date with John. He is tall and slim, fair - haired, smart and has a great sense of humor. He will call her.
Speaker1 suspects that someone else caused the fire in the house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to get some coffee tonight.
Speaker1 had a wonderful time at Leon's.
David didn't clean the room. Speaker2 was told his girlfriend was speaking ill of him. He's depressed.
Speaker2 graduated from Songhua university in China.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are friends of Janet. Speaker2 is noirin.
Speaker2 has decided to give up smoking. Speaker1 doesn't enjoy smoking.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think that Mr. Johnson is a good worker.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think it's a good idea to stop producing cigarettes.
Speaker1 has sent a birthday present for his friend.
Speaker2 went to a movie with his boyfriend at the weekend. It was a great movie. The director has a good chance at winning the Oscar for best director. The cinematography is great. The soundtrack is moving. The ending is a surprise. Speaker1 likes surprise endings.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the theatre tomorrow night. Speaker2 can't come.
Speaker2 is going to quit his job because he can't show his abilities at work.
Speaker1 and his friends are going to the lake tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet at Speaker1's house tonight at 8 o'clock to get drunk.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a movie tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering why there are so many liquor shops with a lot of liquor. It is cheaper to buy liquor duty - free.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to English corner on Sunday morning.
Speaker2 is walking to and fro in the room. He is worried about the children.
Speaker1 wants Mary to come to his house on Saturday. She will have to ask her host mom. Speaker2 will give him her phone number.
Speaker2's parents are professors and managers. They often take him out.
Speaker1 went to the doctor yesterday. He has got the flu. He was told to stay in bed for ten days.
Speaker1 wishes speaker1 a nice weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think the weather will last.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the theater to see 'Romeo and Juliet' tonight.
Speaker2 lost his job. His boss told him about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at a picture of their father.
Speaker1 has just started working at ibm in the sale department. Speaker2 has worked there for years and is vested personnel file system.
Speaker2 is registering for classes this Friday. He wants to take the communication class, but it was full by the time he registered. He will take english 201. He got a 3.8 in english 101 last year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like Mr. Smith's endless talking about stocks.
Speaker1 is a friend of david smith. Speaker2 is looking for a place to live. He will come to Speaker1's office now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will not come to Speaker2's fancy dress party tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner at King hotel at 7pm today.
Speaker1 needs someone to help him with a french document.
Speaker1 has more homework to do now. He likes science most.
Speaker1 has got a job as a waiter in a restaurant. He will be paid $ 10 per hour, but he will keep the tips. There is still another opening. Speaker2 will see the boss tomorrow.
Speaker2 had a job interview, but he didn't get it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are inviting Kith and Alice to come around about 7 pm this evening.
Speaker1 married Julia last month. He knew he would marry her when he met her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a workshop yesterday. The workshop topic was resolving personal problems. Speaker2 got a lot of the session. The teacher was a professional human resources director.
Every teacher likes him because he can sum up like a winking.
Zina promised Speaker1 and Speaker2 that they would start tracking the stars by the end of next week.
Speaker1 would like to have some more wine.
Speaker1 is sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
Speaker1 doesn't know where helen is.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 both like baseball and softball. Speaker2 played baseball until he graduated from high school. He played outfield and third base. Speaker1 is on a softball league. They play on Tuesday or Thursday.
Jane's mother always wants her to marry a big shot.
Speaker1 is back from shopping. Speaker2 recommends him a website to go shopping on.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the shooting range. Speaker2 has a 9mm pistol and a revolver. They will practice shooting at the range.
Speaker1 went out with Leo last night and it was exciting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to take shorthand notes for the test on Friday.
Ben is forming his own band. Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to join the band.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the highlights of the match.
Speaker1 saw susan this morning and she looked terrible. She broke up with her boyfriend, but she still loves him.
Speaker2's tree is decorated the same way every year. The children made the decorations. Now it's just a matter of waiting for the snow.
Speaker2 and his family have lived here for five and a half years. They moved here on the first of November.
Speaker2 and Daniel are getting married on August 8th, the opening day of the 2008 olympic games. They have been dating for over 7 years. They want to stay in the regent hotel in Beijing.
Speaker1 is throwing a celebration party on Saturday evening in his new apartment in the dx community. He invited all the colleagues in his department and his former neighbor Paul.
Speaker1 wants to go camping for the weekend. Speaker2 wants to see a movie.
Speaker1 has come to Beijing, China.
Sophie has made a new friend recently. He is an old man with a great sense of humour and can play the piano and draw pictures.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other happy new year. They don't have any plans.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going skiing tomorrow. They are both excited.
Speaker2 wants to buy his own house. He will buy a big house with a garden.
Speaker1 will reserve a book for Speaker2 from the library's database.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for dinner on Sunday at six o'clock.
Speaker1 is looking for his next class. Speaker2 shows him the room number of c261.
Speaker1 thinks his test score is wrong. Speaker2 will check his answers against the ones on the answer sheet and calculate the score.
Speaker1 doesn't know how he can live without Helen.
Peter just retired. He is almost sixty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet on Tuesday after 6 pm to check out Speaker1's stereo.
Speaker2 has been living in New York for about two years. His parents still live in Shanghai.
Speaker1 doesn't want to ask Jane for a date.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a conversation at 5.10 pm.
Speaker1 thinks that Japanese is easy to learn, but Speaker2 thinks it's very hard.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think the internet will be a powerful commercial medium and will open up huge markets for all kinds of products and services.
Speaker1 wants to know what the problem is with Speaker2.
Speaker2 went on holiday to Cyprus. He met with Tony, who works with Speaker2's sister in Pathos. His sister set him up on a blind date with Speaker 2. They went on three dates and by the third date, they fell in love. Tony's company has a position available here, so he will see if he can get relocated.
Speaker2 is a smoker. Her husband smokes 20 or more cigarettes a day. She had her first cigarette when she was 17.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have different ambitions for their futures. Speaker1 wants to become a lawyer. Speaker2 wants to go into management. They both have to overcome several obstacles to achieve their ambitions.
Speaker1 has been going to athletic express for a while, but he doesn't like it there. He will come to the total fitness club tonight.
Speaker2 has just come back from Edinburgh, Scotland, where he was on business. He had time to visit Edinburgh.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the famous ugly women of ancient China and their virtue.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Sarah and Mat have already broken up.
Speaker2 is depressed because he had a quarrel with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that ships and boats are no longer important in transportation as they used to be. They read in the newspapers that passenger liners from Shanghai to Ningpo and Dalian have been out of business.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think everybody looks down on them. Speaker2 finds there is no meaning in living.
Speaker2 booked a table yesterday. His name is Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are excited about the spring festival. They like the big face down the eve, special tv programs, fire crackers and games. Fire crackers are set off in festival to welcome the new year and to frighten away evil spirits.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will donate some clothes and food for the victims of the earthquake.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to go to a coffee shop, but the door is locked.
Speaker2 has been fine. Everyone in his family is fine.
David had a first date with Jane. He is satisfied with the date.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet. Speaker2 set Speaker1 up.
Speaker1 will gather a flower for Speaker2 and bring it to him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like the vase that Speaker2 has.
Speaker1 is going to register for school in his country. He will try to find out where the school is located.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to fly kites instead of roller - skating.
Ann got divorced. She didn't love her husband.
Speaker2 is retired. He gets up at dawn and does some exercise. He usually has cereal for breakfast, but sometimes he cooks a traditional english breakfast. He does housework in the morning and goes shopping in the afternoon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a party. Speaker1's friends dragged him here because they think he spends too much time studying. Speaker2 usually comes here with a group of friends.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the pilot who stole a plane and flew into the U.S. After two fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway and walked to a restaurant.
Speaker1 had to work overtime and it was the last straw for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to Shanghai tomorrow. It might be cold.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched the premiership last night. Speaker2 saw united play chelsea.
Speaker1 will buy a parking permit for his car for twenty - five dollars.
Speaker2 takes architecture as his major in college. He is doing research now.
Speaker1 would like to go to a concert with her.
Speaker1 was absent yesterday. Speaker2 got his certificate for sick leave. Speaker1 got the reading material handed out yesterday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are unhappy with the view of the sea from their new place.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think he will be promoted to the general manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about Beijing and what it's like there.
Speaker1 is thinking about taking dr. miller's class next semester. He needs to learn something, but he's worried about grades.
Speaker1 wants to know how was his singing.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will check with the cancer ward desk if Taylor Smith has checked out yet. He passed away two days ago.
Speaker1 bought an old copper buddha on ebay.
Speaker1 wants to know how many credits are required for a bachelor's degree and how long does it take to get it. Speaker2 tells him four years.
Speaker1 has failed in his final examination.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a powell orchestra concert tonight at the new concert hall.
Speaker2's 3.5 percent share is going to be worth at least a million.
Speaker1 will get Speaker2 another cup of coffee and make more sandwiches.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in trouble, because Nick is beating them.
Speaker1 is busy and doesn't know how she will get this done.
Speaker1 is having a party next Saturday in his place. Speaker2 might have something to do.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a meal together at the weekend. Speaker2 will have another beer.
Speaker2 refused to accept an egyptian carpet as a gift from one of his students.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on vacation. They can't stand the loud noise in the city.
Speaker1 wants to know who he thinks is going to get the Oscar for best actor.
Speaker1 went to a sea food restaurant with him last night. The food is terrible.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a formal Christmas party tonight. There will be a gift exchange and they have to bring a gift. It's Christmas Eve.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a spin in Speaker2's new car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have lunch in the cafeteria from one to two.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 exchange greetings before Speaker1's plane takes off.
Speaker1 will recommend gin and tonic to Speaker2.
Speaker1 expects to get a big bonus this year.
Speaker1 bought a buddha from Speaker2 for $ 250.
Speaker1 will borrow Speaker2's notes from last week as he was sick.
Speaker2 doesn't smoke and doesn't drink. His favourite winter sport is skiing and basketball. He likes to do aerobics in his spare time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will organize a dinner party for their colleagues in their departments on Thursday.
Speaker2 has just started college. He transferred from a different school. He likes it here.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to make up his mind if he's coming.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been to the same place before.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 for dinner to thank him for helping him pick up his parents from the airport last week. Speaker2 is in the mood for spicy hotpot.
Speaker1 has been working 70 hours this week. He is exhausted.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the weather in New York. It's supposed to get up to 90 degrees today.
Speaker1 has no idea about what to do next.
Speaker1 wants to go swimming, but he needs to do a warm - up exercise before he goes in the water. Speaker2 informs him that every customer must do the warm- up exercise.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are feeling better after Mary left them.
Speaker1 doesn't have the time to talk to speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the beech for swimming.
Speaker1's character is in question, because someone was robbed at work and he's a suspect. Speaker2 will come to the office tomorrow to prove he was with Speaker1 yesterday.
Neither team has won the game. ac milan's defence seems better organized.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are dancing to disco music. They are going to have a drink.
Speaker1 doesn't know what day it is today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Kevin's divorce. Kevin's wife always complained about his salary.
Tomorrow is Speaker1's wife's birthday. Speaker1 and his wife love spicy chinese dishes. Speaker2 recommends a restaurant called Hua restaurant. It's located near the university and five minutes away from Speaker2's flat.
Speaker1 doesn't know if the seat has been taken.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the cinema tonight. They will meet at Speaker1's place.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will first go to mount tai, then they will go to Sichuan by air, and then to Tibet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think Tom is too old to go trick - or - treating on Halloween.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to cut his hair short.
Speaker2 and James are getting married in the spring in St. Albans. They are going to buy a flat or a small house in south London.
Speaker1 will cut the cake soon. Speaker2 will join him in the dining room.
Speaker2 uses several services offered by his bank. He uses his atm card to take money out of his current account and traveller's cheques to exchange money from one currency to another. He also uses direct debit to pay his utility bills. He has standing orders for his subscriptions to magazines. His bank offers good terms and conditions on mortgage.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for suggestions for what to do during the holidays.
Mr. Turnbow's son, John, is bright and intelligent. He can pass the university entrance exam. Jack is tired and takes a couple of hours to brush up on his English.
Speaker1 is from New York and wants to visit the museum of modern art. Speaker2 doesn't like museums.
Speaker1 saw a ghost in his house many years ago when he was a little child.
Speaker2 is getting overtime, but it's not so appetizing for him.
Speaker1 bought a car, a watch and a sunroof. The company that sells it has a car club.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about people being laid off these days.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are seeing each other again.
Speaker1 is angry at Mike.
Speaker1 has to go, because it's 10 pm.
Speaker1 finds Beijing opera boring. Speaker2 finds it fantastic and charming.
Speaker2's garden is looking beautiful this summer. This afternoon, he will prune the hedge and cut off the lower branches on the tree.
Mary got married to jerrod yesterday. She is going to live in Paris.
Speaker1 has been accepted by the university and has been offered a position on the basketball team.
Speaker2 has been feeling sick since this morning. He has a headache and a fever.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sick of the house they are living in.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what kinds of jobs are becoming popular in their country. There has been a big growth in anything related to computers and education. Many of the teachers are professionals who are taking a break from their jobs to pass on their skills to others. In Speaker2's country, people are studying business - related subjects. There is a big demand for people to work in fitness centers. There are fewer jobs in agriculture and heavy industry.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the top ten songs from this week's top chart. Speaker2's favourite song is no. 4. He doesn't like cold wind.
Speaker2 is not good at making decisions. He let his parents choose his university and his course and he ended up studying something. He will have to put forward an idea for the bar this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about dyson, who looks very thin.
Speaker1 is going to give an oral presentation to his clients in the morning. Speaker2 gives him some advice on how to make a good presentation.
Speaker1 and Shirley will have lunch together. Speaker1 has a bachelor's degree in english literature and wants to do some post - graduate work. Speaker2 has a master's degree. She wants to get a doctorate.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet this evening at seven o'clock.
Speaker2 is in China and needs to buy Christmas presents for his family and friends before he leaves for home.
Peter is an expert and there is very little he doesn't know.
Speaker2's family consists of his parents and himself. His father supports the family and he is the sole breadwinner. His mother is a housewife.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a good life. Speaker2 wonders what could have been if he hadn't studied architecture. Speaker1 was in a car accident ten years ago.
Speaker1 is new to the school and is looking for information on tropical fish. Speaker2 will help him on the computer.
Speaker1 hates landing in the sand trap. Speaker2 will hand him his wedge.
Speaker1 is going to the Greta wall. Speaker2 tells him to go back the way he came. The great wall closes early in the afternoon, but the hotel doesn't close until 5 pm.
Wendy divorced her husband after only 5 months of marriage.
Speaker1 has a new job in the marketing department. The corporate culture at his new company is different from his previous one. His boss is easy to get along with and treats everybody with respect and appreciation.
Speaker1 congratulates James on getting married.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out to enjoy the nice weather.
Speaker2 doesn't keep any pets. He's scared of cats.
Speaker1 would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans. He would do interviews for Cosmo and Elle magazine and support a childrens charity.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the fact that there are no trees left on the hills.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have spent $ 1,000 this month.
Speaker2 lives in the southern part of the city and rents a house from Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a charity show at gucci tonight. There are many collecting boxes at the entrance to collect money for children in need. All the money from ticket selling will go to the red cross. A lot of stars will sing in the show, including andy, justin and mendy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss Speaker2's photography hobby. Speaker2 uses an Olympus camera and makes his own enlargements.
 speaker2 needs to be certified as a mechanic 5 before he can repair cars for a living. There are many small schools for adults like Speaker2 who can study to be a mechanic.
Speaker2 is looking for a college. His parents want him to go to a catholic college. He will talk to the college counselor at his school.
Speaker1 seldom heard the quarreling of her children as they were the age when they seem to quarrel all day long.
Speaker2 quit his job and started working from home. He has a project to deal with and doesn't have much time to work out.
Speaker2 calmed down after he told her the news. He asked her to chew the cud.
Speaker1 would like to borrow some money from Speaker1.
Speaker1 wants to know how Speaker2 spends his time after work or in vacation. Speaker2 is fond of traveling and always takes a trip with his family, but it's expensive.
Speaker1 has a good time here and would like to thank her.
Speaker1's company went bankrupt. Speaker2 will take care of Pamela when Speaker1 is away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the weather today and yesterday.
Tom's new business will do well, according to speaker1.
Speaker2 is reading a biography about Bob Dylan, a famous American musician. The book was written by howard sounds. There are 15 chapters in total. Speaker2 will finish reading it by Friday and will give it to Speaker1 in class.
Speaker1 wants to know how Speaker2 is getting along with his wife.
Speaker1 is thinking about getting her hair cut and wearing a hat everywhere.
Speaker2 was planning to go to Beijing first and then go to northwest China. There are severe sandstorms in the northwest and north of China. Beijing was experiencing seven degree strong winds. The visibility in Beijing was less than 100 meters.
Speaker1 wants to go out for dinner with Jenny tonight. Speaker2 doesn't want to go to dinner with him, because he is in an office relationship.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking forward to relaxing this weekend. Speaker2 has been busy at work recently. They will do a little gardening and play some golf.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 drink robust milk occasionally, but not every day.
Speaker1 is going to register for school in his country. He will try to find out where the school is located.
Speaker1 has two tickets for Thursday evening next Thursday. Speaker2 is busy on Friday and next week too.
Speaker2 was out last night at 9.20 pm. He didn't see anyone come into the block flats.
Jim's boss likes him a lot because he's funny and helpful.
Speaker1's father isn't there. It's April Fool's Day today.
Speaker1 wishes happy birthday to speaker1.
Speaker2 has been busy with a first aid course at the red cross.
Speaker1 will book an appointment with Mr. liu at 2:15 pm today. Ms. fonda will be available at 11:30 this morning.
Speaker1 works hard all the time for long hours and doesn't have time to exercise. He is still getting fatter. Speaker2 suggests going for a walk instead of reading the newspaper after dinner every night.
Speaker1 will always remember his college days. Speaker1 was planning to go to grad school, but he was offered a job in marketing. Speaker2 was also a college graduate.
John's father got married again. He married a girl who is only eighteen.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet this weekend.
Speaker2 can speak french and German, but he can't speak French. He will help Speaker1 translate these sentences into German for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a record player for their living room. Speaker1 prefers detached speakers.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are reminiscing about the days when Speaker2 tried to seduce them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't have any sympathy for show biz stars because they have an easy life.
Speaker2 has just found out that her husband is cheating on her. He has been seeing someone else for two months.
Speaker1 has read a lot about palmistry and has been able to tell a lot of accurate things about a person's palm from his palm. Speaker2 doesn't believe in palm reading.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to talk about the movie lion king. Speaker1 thinks the film is a fine film, but Speaker2 thinks it's too predictable.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the new teacher, professor Wood.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to introduce Mr and Miss.
Speaker1 stayed online chatting with his friends all night. Speaker2 doesn't want to join him tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 scored six goals. Speaker1 scored three of them.
Speaker1 and Jordan are going to break up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's cousin, anna, can't stop getting pregnant. She was pregnant before marriage, which is a sin in the Catholic church.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't afford to buy new clothes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's mother lost her job yesterday. She is thinking of doing some household cleaning or baby sitting in the community.
Speaker2 has just lost his job and is worried about how he's going to pay the bills. He has just started a new job, but the job market is very bad. His wife is trying to be supportive, but she's worried about their financial situation. Speaker1 has some friends who might help him find a job.
Speaker1 missed his homework. He will make it up next week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play tennis.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are relaxing on the beach with a drink. The kids are in the swimming pool. They will go to a party at the hotel for the kids.
Speaker1 has to get a new car as his old one is blown up. He will buy a used car.
Speaker1 is looking for his first period american literature class in room 112. Speaker2 is Brad, who sat in front of him in their homeroom.
Ann got divorced. She didn't love her husband.
Speaker1 bought a computer online, so he needs to pay the mortgage. Speaker2 will lend him 200 Yuan.
Mark's personality is more agreeable than Jones'.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are congratulating Mary on today's great day.
Speaker1 can't stay until the end of the class because he has an appointment. He will make up his missed work this week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had an interesting meeting. Speaker2 is ted nugent. Speaker1 works for american airlines.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the fact that there are no trees left on the hills.
Speaker1's son is complaining that she dumps on him. He was rude to her.
Speaker2 is married to a foreigner who is half Chinese and half American. The first year of their marriage was difficult. They had a lot of conflicts. They have a two - year - old boy. He speaks mostly Chinese and English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a powell orchestra concert tonight at the new concert hall.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a baseball game. Cal Ripen hit a home run. Baltimore is winning 5 to 4.
Speaker1 has to go, he can't stay any longer.
Speaker1 wants to know why speaker1 saw the movie twice.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 got a tree. They want to have it ready to light up by evening. Speaker2 will string the lights and Speaker1 will put the decorations.
Speaker1 wants to know if aerobic classes have an effect on him.
Speaker1's house is too small, so they need a big one.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have dinner together on the second of March.
Tom is making a lot of noise and Speaker1 and Speaker2 are tired of it.
She works as a teller in a bank. She goes to night school three times a week. She wants to be a manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met. Speaker2 has been with ibm for two years.
Speaker2 started to date someone recently, but it didn't work out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are making a big deal out of the fact that Daniel is spitting gum everywhere.
Speaker1's hair is done and he likes it. Speaker2 will pay him $ 55 for it.
Speaker1's mother - in - law just went into the hospital in LA. Hank and Speaker1 will be flying there tonight. suzy has a bad cold. Speaker2 will get Sara ralston's number to talk to her.
Some sensitive material from the Scott case was leaked to the press. There were only a few people who were privy to the case details.
Speaker1 is not being a good sport about being cheated.
Lucas has just moved in next door to Speaker1. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have some tea and some grape juice. Speaker2 has a tea set.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching basketball games on tv. Speaker2 plays for an amateur team.
Speaker1 can't go to see his daughter because he has to see her.
Speaker1 likes the kid because he's lovely.
Speaker1 thinks it's time flies.
Speaker2 was out sick for most of last week and hasn't seen Kim for a few days. Speaker1 invites her for a cup of tea.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have not seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 went on holiday to the summer mountain resort in Chende, which is 8 times the size of forbidden city and 16 times that of summer palace.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see Gino.
John had a heart attack last night. His nephew took him to hospital in time.
Speaker1 wants to know why he is always staring at Melissa.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the new iphone. Speaker1 would like to get one, but he doesn't have enough money to buy one of their shuffle ipods. The ipod shuffle is about the size of a park of gum. It can hold one or two gigs of music. It costs about 100 dollars. Speaker2 got an ipod for his birthday, but the battery died out.
Speaker2 fell in love with her at the first sight, but he didn't know she had a three - year - old girl.
Speaker1 will get the book from another library and will let Speaker2 know when it arrives.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy that Bob and Mary are back together.
Speaker1 and Robert are throwing a pool party for Mary's birthday at Jay's house this weekend.
Jessica is going back to Holland next week. Speaker1 will get her an ever - green plant to take back home as a parting gift.
Speaker2 collects coins, stamps, stones and other things.
Speaker1 and his friends are going dancing tonight.
Speaker1 has an exam at nine. Speaker2 will drive him to the exam. He will finish next week.
Speaker1 invites Mary to join the other guys who are waiting for her.
Speaker1 explains that accuracy is very important when shooting a gun.
Speaker1 wants John to do some gardening. Speaker2 is not in the mood to do it. Speaker1 wants to go out.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on his victory in the long-distance race.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Speaker2's garden. Speaker2 loves flowers and has taken to growing them.
Julia prepared a candlelight dinner to celebrate their anniversary. She sent a box with a necklace in it to Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to eat at the lavish restaurant over there.
Speaker2 went to a global warming rally in London over the weekend. He is an environmentalist. Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the environment.
Speaker1 wants to know why he's going out with andy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to work out together.
Speaker2 will teach Speaker1 how to put on make - up. Speaker1 will use pink eye shadow, lipstick and long nails.
Speaker1's first day of his new career is over. His company will hold a two-week staff training. Speaker2 will attend the training next week.
Speaker2 is in love with Jenny. He met her in the math class.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will play chess tomorrow. Speaker2 is not good at chess.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the genesis of the legal system. They discuss the May first international workers' day. On May third, 1886, police killed four strikers at the mccormick reaper works factory.
Speaker1 wants to know how Speaker2 got a copy of the best seller. Speaker2 checked it out of the rental library.
Speaker2 was on a trip to Paris. He went to the top of the eiffel tower. He also saw art galleries, cathedrals, statues, fountains, palaces and bistros. On the fourth day he tried french cuisine.
Speaker1 thinks you have all your ducks in a row.
Speaker2 came to Melissa in 1992, when he was seventeen. He didn't go to college right away, because his english wasn't very good. He studied english for two years.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a folk concert tonight. The concert begins at 7 p.m. They will buy two tickets for fifty yuan for each.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are showing a live show of a football match on Friday night. It's Brazilian against Ac Millan.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are busy and don't know how to make use of their time. They will make a plan and follow it.
Speaker2's roommates watch Korean soap operas every night. He doesn't know how to tell them to stop.
Speaker1 has to leave, because it's late.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will exchange lessons in German and Chinese.
Speaker2 went bankrupt and he's broke now.
Speaker1 helped Speaker2 and he's all set now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has been away on vacation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have just shown their hand first to lin ping.
Speaker2 is going for a hike around the qinghai lake for the weekend. He will be hiking 30 miles in three days. Speaker1 has been hiking before and saw a bear and a lion.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a game. The game started about 5 minutes ago. The bulls are winning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Kevin's divorce. Kevin's wife always complained about his salary.
Speaker1's son, Speaker2, doesn't know what the carrot is. He likes blue as it's the colour of the sky.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to work out together.
Speaker1 used to always want to drive a green jaguar, but once his son was born, he didn't have time to drive it anymore. The car needs a new engine and brakes. The heating controls don't work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are inviting Kith and Alice to come around about 7 pm this evening.
Speaker1 will pick up Speaker2 tomorrow at 6:00 and they will go to the movies.
Speaker1's particular interest is collecting stamps.
Speaker1's favourite ice cream flavor is fruit flavored. Speaker2's least favorite is peppermint ice cream.
Speaker1 doesn't want to do the dishes, because he doesn't have to.
Speaker1 arrived to the office earlier today. It takes him about an hour to reach the office every day. He takes public transportation to get there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 use e - mail to send messages to their friends. Recently, Speaker2 has been using net - chat. They both enjoy it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 believe in UFOs. They also believe in intelligent life on other planets.
Speaker2 doesn't mind shopping for food and other daily needs. He doesn't like shopping in a big department store.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy about the warm weather.
Jake broke up with Speaker2 yesterday. Speaker2 had a lot of feelings for him. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for coffee tomorrow.
Speaker1 got a ninety - five on his test.
Speaker1 will show Speaker2 how to use the internet to keep in touch with his aunt in america.
Speaker2 has a disability and needs to apply for a parking permit. He will fill out the form and bring it to the office in a few minutes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go for a walk in the spring.
Speaker1 wants to know if he will be at the family reunion next year.
Speaker1 watched a documentary about plants yesterday evening. There is a type of plant that catches insects and eats them, but it's not found in this country. The plants that fascinate Speaker1 and Speaker2 are cacti, which can survive in dry desert conditions.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are excited about Jenny getting married on July 4th. Tom is the bridegroom. He proposed to Jenny at Mrs. Whit's party last Monday. The wedding will take place in a church. Speaker1 will be the best man.
Speaker2 is in the pool. He doesn't want to go to graduate school.
Speaker2 hasn't finished his english composition yet. He has to turn it in at the beginning of the class today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been packing all day. They still have about ten more orders to pack. They will finish it tomorrow morning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw the film last night. Speaker2 thought it was a failure. Speaker1 doesn't think so.
John got married yesterday. Speaker1 didn't go to the wedding.
Speaker1 wants to apply to an american university. He needs to write to the admission office. He will be sent an application form and a tap - 66 form. If the university agrees to enroll him, he will apply for a passport and a visa from the embassy in Beijing. It can take from 3 to 6 months.
Speaker1 was thinking about Speaker2 the other day and sent him a message.
Speaker1 and Andrea worry about Speaker2. They would like Speaker2 to move in with them, but Speaker2 refuses.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have no plans for Veteran's Day, but they do have plans for Armistice Day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't believe that he is running for class president.
Speaker1's son plays football, rides horses, drives racing cars, and does a lot of other things on the computer. He always wins first place in his games. His son reads a lot on his computer and uses e - mail to send messages to his friends. His wife spends at least two hours a day on the computers discussing things ranging from stock prices to soft - ware standards.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to take part in a quiz about the 29th olympic games in Beijing tonight. The olympics have a long history of more than 2700 years.
Speaker1 is going to buy a car this year. He will work in holidays and pay for it by installments.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's favourite seasons are summer, winter and spring.
Speaker1 made an appointment with the school counselor for one of his students, who is depressed because her father is dying.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will light the stove. The climate in Speaker2's country is mild, but it's not always pleasant.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going skating tomorrow. Speaker1 will teach Speaker2 how to skate.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play tennis.
Speaker1 didn't come to the party last night because he had a headache. He used to take sleeping pills when he had to work overtime.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at the grand canyon and Colorado river. They are in a state park.
Speaker1 invites Speaker2 to dinner at his parents' place next week. Speaker2 is a little nervous about meeting his family.
Speaker2 is studying in the foreign languages department. He is majoring in English. He likes the culture of Britain and America.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to visit Speaker2's sister who moved to the city a year ago. They will take the subway to her apartment on 3rd street, across from the public library.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are saying goodbye to each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't find the lecture interesting and dull.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are impressed with the sound of the earphones.
Speaker1 doesn't like the way Speaker2 did his hair. He's not paying for it.
Speaker2's watch says half past five, but it's half past 5.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss discrimination against women in the work force. Speaker2 thinks it's still prevalent.
Speaker1 wants to know what is a report.
Speaker1 will get some more rice for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing a man who has to deliver letters every day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at the pebble beach course where the top golfers are trying to win the grand prize of one million dollars. tiger woods is about to tee off.
Bill is still sick and is going to the doctor tomorrow. Speaker1 will let him know if he can do anything.
Speaker1 is concerned about his grades and asks his professor, Speaker2, for advice.
Speaker1 congratulates Lisa on her success in the exam. Speaker2 was the only one who got a strait A in his class.
Speaker1 will apply for a library card. He will have to pay 15 dollars for the deposit. If he returns the card he will get a refund.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy to see Mr. Clinton and his family.
Speaker2 had an interview for a promotion. If he gets the promotion, he will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer. He will get a pay - raise.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a game. The game started about 5 minutes ago. The bulls are winning.
Speaker2 is not ready to go shopping yet, because he's not finished with his research.
Tom got divorced and Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know how he is.
Speaker1 wants to know the name of the singer who sings this song.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the commencement at the school auditorium. The president of the college has come onto the stage.
Speaker1 took a long - distance trip on plane for the second time. He feels bad because of the lower pressure and jet lag. He likes the Great Wall of China.
Speaker2's top choice for study is medicine. His last choice is history.
Speaker1 is leaving for the airport at 11. Speaker2 will pick him up by nine o'clock and he will take him to the airport.
Mark is parading his knowledge again.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about professors and government officials from America and Europe who are in Beijing for an international conference.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to find a ticket.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting at the holiday inn at crenshaw and hawthorne. Speaker2 is from Mexico. Speaker1 is 40 years old and was born and raised in the United States.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 missed the label sent by Speaker2.
Speaker1's computer that he bought last week doesn't work.
Speaker1 is angry at Speaker2 for cleaning up his mess. Speaker2 will send him the cleaning bill and he will refund the cost.
Speaker1 and speaker2 are getting married soon.
Speaker1 won two free tickets to Hawaii for a seven - day vacation for himself and Speaker2.
Speaker1 got an mp3 player and a set of stereo headphones. He will take the music with him anywhere and record it on the chip.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to cheat on each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a long winter holiday. Speaker1 had a get - together with schoolmates at the high school. Speaker2 visited the internet and read a couple of books.
Speaker2 doesn't like sci - fi movies because they're always weird.
There are too many advertisements in Hong Kong. Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that companies should have lower prices instead of spending so much money on advertising.
Speaker1 and his hosue - mates are having a house - warming party on Friday night around 9 pm. Speaker2 will join them. Speaker1 invited his friends from work, his sister, Speaker2's sister and a few friends from school. They will have beer and snacks.
Speaker1 saw a ghost in his house many years ago when he was a little child.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been eating too much and the doctor has given them advice.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to find a sichuan hot pot restaurant for dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for the famous roast - duck store, q - duck. They get lost in the supermarket.
Speaker2 has just transferred to pcc from another school and is enjoying it there.
Speaker1's hair stood on end when he saw the bloody scene.
Speaker1 was late to work. She missed the bus and the bus she did catch got stuck in a traffic jam. She was doing urgent letters for her boss.
Speaker1 won the first prize in a writing contest.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would spend a million dollars on a few things they would buy if they had it.
David wants to be a public officer after graduation. Speaker1 and Speaker2 advise him not to choose just one career.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to cover themselves with beer to prevent mosquitos from biting them as they are bitten.
Speaker2 has been having a hard time sleeping lately. He is stressed about his grades and insomnia. Speaker1 suggests taking a yoga class or learning some relaxation techniques.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met their new neighbors last night. They think they are beautiful people.
Speaker2 bombed his econ final and ended up with a 1.7 GPA. He will take the class next year. Speaker1's GPA is 3.45.
Speaker1 and Emily are going to see a bad sci - fi movie together this weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to pay each other $55 for their hair.
Speaker2 got back from Canada last week. She loved it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the psychology columns on the page.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about Speaker2's behaviour.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that driving during the rush hours can be a bit of a bind.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think it's a good idea to stop producing cigarettes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a big meeting today. The boss liked Speaker2's ideas.
Speaker1 has been held up in a traffic jam for half an hour and won't be able to arrive at Bobby's home by 12 o'clock. He will have to wait for dinner until one o' clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will introduce themselves to each other on the first day of class.
Speaker1 and Sheila will meet tomorrow at half past two in the afternoon in front of the treasure house. Speaker2 will wear his usual shirt and shoes. Sheila will wear a blue dress.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched a movie. Speaker2 didn't like it, because he doesn't like jazz.
Speaker1 has missed Amanda and his colleagues since his transfer last week. His new colleagues will contribute ten dollars to a birthday card and cake for each person celebrating their birthday.
Speaker1 wants to go, but Speaker2 insists that he must stay.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish merry Christmas to Mary and invite her to join them for dinner tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't started their term papers yet, because they are due two weeks later. Speaker2 was busy with her part - time job the last few days. Speaker1 is thinking of getting a part-time job next year.
Jack got promoted. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy for him.
Speaker1 wants to know why she did that.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to hurry up, because time is money.
Speaker1 wants to know why little Billy is crying.
Speaker1 is going to work in a multi - national enterprise after graduation. His dream is to be an entrepreneur, but it's not the right time now. He will work hard in that company and try to learn how to run an enterprise. He'll come up with a detailed business plan to attract investors.
Rob lost his bike and has to find it.
Betty lost her tennis match this morning and she's out of the tournament.
Michael Milliken, the bond king, got off with a light sentence for selling worthless bonds to people. He made millions of dollars.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 believe in UFOs. They also believe in intelligent life on other planets.
Speaker2 will go abroad to study electronic engineering. He will apply to Harvard, Yale, Michigan, Michigan and Massachusetts Institute of Technology for graduate studies.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are gossiping that Jean is fooling around with another woman's husband.
Speaker1 has a headache. He will buy aspirin and a small first - aid kit for Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will light the stove. The climate in Speaker2's country is mild but unpleasant.
Speaker2 works for Thomas cook travel as a guide. She takes people on tours to Peru. Speaker1 is a student and works in a fast - food restaurant.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are making fun of each other by playing a game.
Speaker2 is getting married next May. His fiancee wants to get married in October, but she has to work on a project.
Speaker2 is stealing vegetables at the happy farm today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like Speaker2's messy handwriting.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's maths teacher is humorous. Their history teacher is serious.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are congratulating each other on Christmas and wish them a happy new year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see "Click ." tonight.
Speaker2 has been in Taiwan for about 3 years. He came here in 2000. He grew up in Providence, Rhode Island.
Speaker1 is in hot water now as all the things seem to be blown up.
Speaker2 has a lot of credits to pick up this year. He is majoring in french literature. He has to take a class on 18th century poetry. He and the other students got the assignment last week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a ski trip to the mountains next week. It's supposed to snow all week in the mountains. There have been many dry winters lately.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the beach on Saturday afternoon, but it depends on the weather.
Speaker2 is studying in the eastern asian language department. He major in Japanese.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw Lily alone. Lily is in Thailand.
Speaker1 had a quarrel with her husband and he didn't even try to cool her down.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy the micropower for seventy - five million from Dave.
The summer vacation is coming. Speaker1 is going on a hiking trip. Speaker2 will join him.
Speaker2 got his fathers goat last night.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to elect club officials before the summer starts. Speaker2 will send out a bulletin by e - mail to all the club members this afternoon. The election will take place the week after the nominations.
Speaker1 wants to know how the business is.
Speaker2 is looking for a part - time course to improve his English. He has to work during the day, so he wants to find a course that he can do in the evenings. He will sign up for a pre - sessional interview.
Speaker2 was turned down for a date again. He has been trying to date american girls for a long time.
Speaker1 will bring Speaker2 a cup of tea. They will eat out for supper.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about 'net love'. They are discussing the recent trend of online love.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to go to the cinema tonight.
Speaker1 wants to have mexican food for dinner.
Tom is dating your sister, speaker1 reports.
Speaker1 has to go as it's almost 6:00.
Speaker1 can't call on Speaker2 this evening because his wife is terribly ill. They will meet next week.
Speaker2 believes the world is improving every year and that science is making us wiser. Speaker1 disagrees.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a date recently. They were going to watch a movie and have dinner at a restaurant. She wanted to go dutch in dating.
Speaker2 is going to set up his own law office. Speaker1 will help him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing ammo hung. ammo hung is 50 years old, he started out studying alembics, singing, dancing and martial arts at the age of nine. He has starred in 140 kung fu films and has also become an independent producer and director. He is also a good cook.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing a movie they both saw. Speaker1 was impressed with the special effects of the movie, but Speaker2 thinks it was a typical hollywood thriller.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the highest mountain in the world, Everest. It's called zhumulangma in China.
Speaker1 has been feeling sick for three days.
Speaker1 is down and feeling down.
Speaker2 used to sing in the school choir. Her music teacher was a professional singer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet at Mr. keller's home sometime this week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's competitors have undercut them by 10% on the price of their latest model. Their profits are almost nonexistent now.
Carl is almost fifty years old.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the city has a traffic problem.
Speaker1 finds it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent at the moment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will leave early.
Speaker2 grows a variety of things in his garden to have something in bloom all year round.
Kevin had a great year at college. He has a girlfriend at school.
Speaker1 thinks his tie is handsome.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that ted was at Speaker2's mercy.
Speaker1 failed the exam because he didn't study.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will reserve a table for two for 8 pm. It's Speaker2's wife's birthday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a basketball game. Clive is a big hit for the team and they are going to win the game.
Speaker1 is looking at a pretty girl.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the seasons in their city. Speaker1 lives in the southern hemisphere, so the summer and winter seasons are different.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss personalities and the environment a person lives in. Speaker1 thinks teenagers get their personalities from their parents.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to an exhibition of Greek and Roman sculpture tomorrow at the national gallery. They will have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to make lasagne, a salad, and some garlic bread for dinner. Speaker2 will help out in the kitchen.
Speaker1 and his wife are leaving for a holiday. Speaker2 will see them off.
Speaker1 believes that labor is an abundant resource in the country.
Speaker1 had a terrible row with his boss. Speaker2 wants him to apologize.
Speaker2's father failed in business. His family is going through a difficult time. Speaker2 has found a part - time job.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting for a drink.
Speaker1 needs Speaker2's library card to check out some books. Speaker2 has late fees of $ 24 and $ 50.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to an Italian restaurant to eat spaghetti.
Speaker1 wants to know how was his date with Betty.
The johnson are on their way back from Bermuda. Speaker1 invited them for brunch.
Speaker1 is happy to see you and invites you in.
Speaker1 has never been on a roller coaster. He wants someone to sit next to him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are saying goodbye to each other.
Speaker2 is going for a year abroad. He's going to take some university courses.
Speaker1 is from New York and wants to visit the museum of modern art. Speaker2 doesn't like museums.
Speaker1 will sing a song for Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to visit their math teacher tomorrow at eight o'clock.
Speaker1 is going to celebrate his birthday with his friends in a night club this year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's mother is very sick.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about their son's behaviour.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know where Speaker2 wants to transfer to. Speaker2 will probably stay at pcc.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the new teacher, professor Wood.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met.
Speaker2 won't stay for the party as he's tired and has to work tomorrow.
Speaker1 is crazy about the guy she met at the cafe. She only knows him through the internet, though.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to welcome Tom, a gay dog.
Speaker2 used to work as a teacher. He didn't like it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a party. The boys from the campus band will play music for them. They are dancing.
Speaker1 is cooking for a Chinese guest. Speaker2 likes western cooking. He likes beefsteak and Chinese dishes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss Galileo's courage as a revolutionary.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to andy's party. Speaker2 will get back the sweater and black leather boots from Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a drink in the hot room.
Speaker2 has a job waiting for him back in his hometown after graduation. He will live with his parents for a year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet for lunch on Wednesday. They will meet on Friday.
Speaker2 is going to his business class on Tuesday night. He is learning how to use math in the business environment.
Miao li is a costume designer and works in a garment mill. She's come here to see her brother.
Speaker2 will apply for a passport. It will take about three weeks for it to be ready.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about their boyfriends.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to read pages 12 to 20 and do exercises one through ten on page 21 for tomorrow's homework.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in a park. They are listening to the sound of nature.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in L.A. and they are surprised by what they found there.
Speaker1 is a new student and wants to know how to use the library. He can check out two books at a time, but he can't check out newspapers, magazines and periodicals. He wants to check out a book on physics. He has to renew the book every two weeks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the game they are watching.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are opening presents from the baby shower they were invited to.
Speaker1 wants to check out two books at a time and keep them for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting today.
Speaker1 is going on a guided tour in the mountain. He likes the sight and sound of the waterfall.
Speaker1 works hard all the time for long hours and doesn't have time to exercise. He is still getting fatter. Speaker2 suggests going for a walk instead of reading the newspaper after dinner every night.
Speaker1 is not married and is still single.
Speaker2 didn't sleep last night because he was watching Supergirl. He doesn't like the show because of the constant arguments between the judges. He spends less than 3 hours a day watching TV. He prefers listening to the radio.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to draw a picture of a fancy kingdom of animals in forty minutes. He gives him another piece of paper.
Aunt Jane bought a new bike for Tom. Speaker2 bought Speaker1 a new one last year. Speaker1 will buy a big car one day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play golf on Wednesday. They will play in Bellevue. Speaker1 will call Speaker2 later.
The weather in Speaker2's hometown is warm in spring and cool in autumn.
He told the police that ted was the murderer, but he is playing with the fact.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are not going to arm wrestle now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet next time at Speaker1's place for Chinese food and watch a video.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are walking on Fifth Avenue. They are looking at the Empire State building, St. Patrick's Cathedral, the world - renowed rockefeller center, and a central park.
Speaker2 is settling in at school. He is doing business studies. His parents moved to Canada the year he was born. His friend Zoe is studying accountancy in Sydney. Simon is studying law.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are getting rushed by sorority. Speaker2 will not join a sorority as she doesn't like group activities.
Speaker2 is studying in the foreign languages department. He is majoring in English. He likes the culture of Britain and America.
Speaker2 is busy at work and has a big project in Malaysia. He may have to go to KL in a few weeks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that Mary is cautious.
He just broke up with ann. He has a new girlfriend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to walk all the way down to the end of the street to cross the street.
Speaker1 and Jenny are at a party. Speaker2 is having fun.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met Hanson since he went back to London, but they still stay in touch through email.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the outlet center. Emily bought an evening gown there and saved $ 120.
Speaker2 had too much to drink yesterday evening at a friends birthday party. He had a bad hangover this morning. Speaker1 will buy him a coke with ice and lemon. He is going to the wine tasting tomorrow.
Speaker1 wants to study English literature and wants to work in America after graduation. He has an interview with the visa official today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to finish a case.
Mike's sister is tall and pretty. She is friendly and easy going.
Speaker2 was born on 20th May 1963 on the 27th day of the fourth month. The film will begin at 5:30 pm. Speaker1 is cold and won't be there on time.
Speaker1 wants to break up with Speaker2 and start seeing other people.
Mike in accounts got arrested on Friday night and spent the night in jail. He had been out drinking with some clients and was drunk. He lost his wallet and his house keys, so he couldn't get in. He tried to climb in through the bathroom window, but he slipped and broke the glass with his foot. When he sobered up, he called someone from work to come and bail him out. His wife left him last year.
Speaker2 and her husband would like to have no kids, but her mother-in - law wants grandkids. They had a fight last night about it.
Speaker1 wants to know where Jim and Wendy are going.
Speaker2 is a big fan of andy lau. He has all of his albums and most of his films on dvd. He also has several posters of him on his bedroom walls. He used to be a member of the fan club, but he's not now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 enjoyed their family party at " ginger " s". They had a seafood buffet and wine list. Speaker2 doesn't usually eat from the buffet, he usually orders a main course and dessert.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the opera.
Speaker1 is going to work his magic on Speaker2's hair. Speaker2 will have a trim.
May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in-law. John is bothering both sides of this bread.
Speaker1 is going to take Speaker2 shopping for a new dress for Speaker2's birthday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Richard was fired by their manager.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods.
Speaker2 likes china because it has cheap beers. He likes to drink because he enjoys drinking. He met a girl in a bar when he was picking up girls.
Speaker1's favourite pastime is climbing mountains on Sunday mornings. Speaker2's favourite is fishing.
Wendy divorced her husband after only 5 months of marriage.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the name of the store that Speaker1 is looking for.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a delicious pizza. They will try some other flavors next time.
Speaker1 is going to the library to study with Diana and Jerry.
Speaker1 believes that the academy is an important part of the education system.
Speaker1 advises Speaker2 to order a double shot of espresso.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at a picture of their father.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are asking Mike if Jenny is coming with them. Mike has a crush on Jenny. Speaker1 doesn't have the guts to ask her out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the weather today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will take a drink from the cooler. They didn't drive, so they walked.
Speaker1 thanks a million for the gift
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet tomorrow. Speaker1 will pick Speaker2 up at about nine o'clock.
Speaker1 will give back the tape - recorder to Speaker2 in a couple of days.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara this weekend. They will leave around 8.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on his victory in the competition.
Speaker2 is engaged to Mike. They are planning a big wedding.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Speaker2's sister who is 18.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the main idea of the essay they both wrote.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the new teacher, professor Wood.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't understand why some parents keep complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the weather forecast for the weekend. It will be drizzling all day today and there is a 60 percent chance of thunderstorms this evening. On Saturday it will be clear early morning, but there will be showers and thunderstorms later in the day. There is a severe thunderstorm warning for some parts of the sout.
Speaker2 is 24 years old and his date of birth is March 24th.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw a Korean film called "Friends" and they both liked it.
Speaker1 is grilling burger patties on the grill. Speaker2 will take over for a while.
Speaker1 wants to wear his favourite robe for tonight's cocktail party. Speaker2 doesn't like it.
Speaker2 will try to quit smoking. He has been cutting down the amount of cigarettes he smokes to 6 a day.
Speaker1 wants to know what is your favorite sport.
Mr. Black got divorced. His wife found out that he has been two-timing his wife for a long time.
Speaker1 is freaking out because he is scared.
Janet has got a new job at the united investment group. Tom inherited a lot of money from his uncle recently. He will probably invest it to save up for retirement.
Speaker2 hasn't spent much time with sophia lately. They used to spend a lot of time together, but since sophia started her new job, she's been spending more time with her new friends from work. Speaker2 feels left out of the conversation. He tried to invite her over for dinner a few weeks ago, but she brought a friend from work with her.
Speaker1 wants to know if Speaker2 loves him. Speaker2 didn't answer his question.
Speaker1 wishes Julia a happy birthday.
Speaker1 will show Speaker2 how to use the copier. It costs ten cents a copy.
Speaker2 and his friend argued with each other and he is sad.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has been going to graduate school at Usc for the past two years. He is studying international communications.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been waiting half an hour for each other.
Speaker1 is sorry for spilling his drink on Speaker2's rug.
Speaker2's first day of class was ok, but he will have to speak more Chinese as no one in his class speaks English. There are a lot of international students in Speaker2's class. He will have a hard time relating to his classmates because of the language barrier.
Speaker1 is looking for business opportunities in northeast China. His company sends analysts to smaller local companies that run into financial difficulties.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time.
Speaker1 didn't like his brother batting around and not doing anything useful.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like everyone to be quiet.
Speaker1 is a new student in the school and he wants to introduce himself.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have seen all three Lord of the Rings movies. Speaker2 didn't like the third one as much as the first two. The third one was dubbed in German with English subtitles. The film was nominated for 11 Oscars.
Speaker2 has a new job as a secretary at ace travel agency on Franklin avenue. She wants to become a travel agent there.
Speaker2 got rid of his old car and bought a new one. He will give Speaker1 and Jack a ride.
Speaker1 is in the market for a job as a gas station attendant.
Hilda's husband, Henry, had an accident on his way home from work. His car was hit by an express train at the crossing just behind his house. He is having an operation.
Speaker1's son has taken a lot out of him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are moving to a new room. Speaker2 will get the bottom bunk. Speaker1 will unpack and then they will hang out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to go swimming but they just finished eating lunch.
Speaker1 will be late.
Speaker1 thinks they should accept his plan. Speaker2 can't agree with him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about infomania, checking emails and text messages. Speaker1 has been there before.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss chocolates, coffee and English food.
Speaker1 is getting late.
Speaker2 lost his mum's necklace. He will buy a new one.
Speaker1 wants to know the time but Speaker2 doesn't know it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about the movie they saw together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go swimming at the pool together.
Speaker1 wants to go to China for sight - seeing. Speaker2 will go with him.
Speaker1 is mary lin's homeroom teacher. She will sit behind Brad.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are celebrating the university's fifties anniversary. Speaker2 will see dean Lee first.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are dancing at a party. Speaker1 wants to dance with Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the beauty parlor. Speaker1 wants to have a foot massage, haircut and a mudpack on his face. Speaker2 wants to get a pedicure and manicure. They both work hard.
Speaker1 loves Speaker2's new hair cut.
Speaker1 doesn't know what's the matter.
Jack's father died and after his father died he set his hand to the job of putting his business affairs in order.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 feel sorry for sandra.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a Maria Carey concert tomorrow night at 8 pm. They will have dinner together at the restaurant across the street from Speaker2's apartment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a barbecue in an hour or so.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know if the water shrinking festival is official.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have some nachos and mozzarella sticks for table six.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are jealous of their neighbour who won the bet.
Speaker1 has a new job and a new city. He has decided to stop smoking. He also decided to come out of the closet.
Speaker1 is throwing a celebration party on Saturday evening in his new apartment in the dx community. He invited all the colleagues in his department and his former neighbor Paul.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to bring back the software he lent to him.
Speaker1 doesn't want to go bungee jumping.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner for ten tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock. They will have typical chinese food and drinks.
Speaker1 is angry that she's abandoning him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing bird watching.
Speaker1 wants to know how was your vacation in Paris.
Speaker1 advises Speaker2 to do as the Romans do and go to work by car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering if Anny is coming with them. Speaker1 has a crush on her and he wants to tell her.
Speaker1 wants to know how Speaker2 got a copy of the best seller. Speaker2 checked it out of the rental library.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to have a plastic surgery.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 hope it will be a boy for rose and her husband.
Speaker1 has two finals this week and one oral presentation. He is not ready for any of them. He will be cramming until Friday.
Speaker1 went bungee jumping yesterday. He enjoys dangerous sports. He wants to try deep - sea diving and rock climbing.
Speaker1 wants to marry Speaker2. Speaker2 will think about it for some time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father always harps on them. Speaker1 can't bear it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch Lord of the Rings tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a picnic. Speaker2 will bring her camera and films.
Speaker1 has a problem with her boyfriend who is always in a bad mood. She will talk to him later.
It's supposed to rain today. Speaker1 and Speaker2 hate the weather.
Speaker2 is late for dinner at Speaker1's house. He will call home.
Speaker2 didn't come to work yesterday because she had to take care of her son who has a fever.
Speaker1 and his friends are going to the beach on Sunday. Speaker2 will join them. Speaker1 is going to teach Speaker2 how to surf. They're going to a quiet beach about an hour outside of the city.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to eat at the right restaurant.
Speaker2 will help Speaker1 prepare for his presentation on Friday. They will meet tomorrow night at the coffee house next door.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to see his wife.
Speaker2 was teaching English in Taiwan. He liked it. The kids in Taiwan study a lot. Their parents are more concerned about their children's education.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will try Canadian ice wine next time they are about to eat dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for a drink tonight.
Speaker1 and his wife will be going back to work soon, so they will have to spend more on diapers and baby food.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the museum of the beijing opera art to see the costumes from the ancient Chinese opera. They will also listen to some people singing outside.
Speaker1 is worried that she might leave him one day. Speaker2 will teach him how to keep her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like Anna's outfit. Speaker2 got it on sale at the mall for 60% off.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to the seaside yesterday. They drove through the valley on their way there. They took a short cut to get to the park. They spent the whole morning under the tall trees. They had a picnic. They went for a swim in the sea.
Speaker1 is looking for a place where he can buy textbooks. He will meet with Speaker2 at 1 pm at the bookstore.
Speaker1 doesn't like the merry - go - round, but Speaker2 wants to ride it, so he will pay two yuan for it.
Speaker1 was born on April 15th and Speaker2 on January 5th. Speaker2's horoscope for this month says he should take a vacation to someplace exotic and have a passionate summer fling.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Speaker2 for living in a messy dorm.
Speaker1 will take $ 150 and Speaker2 $ 120 for the complementary gift box.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Speaker2 for telling her the truth.
Speaker2 had a bad day at work because he slept through his alarm and was two hours late to work. His boss told him that if he showed up late one more time, he would fire him. Speaker2 will look for a new job. His current boss is from Australia.
Victoria is back from vacation. She feels tired.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has been lonely in the city and misses his family. Speaker1 will accompany Speaker2 for a while.
Speaker2 met Amanda through a mutual friend. His roommate introduced him to her.
Speaker1 came late because she had to send for the doctor for her grandfather.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have heard many stories about Speaker2's brother.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at Clyde's party. They are surprised to see so many black people there.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the size of the world on the map.
Speaker1 is going to a volleyball match between the economic department and the foreign language department this afternoon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a party tonight. Speaker1 will buy soft drinks and juice. Speaker2 will buy a cask of wine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker1 bought a house in titusville. Speaker2 moved to Florida. He will meet his parents at the airport for lunch this afternoon. He wants to take Speaker1 to Disney World.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know what to do about dating Tom and Harry.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like action movies. James Cameron was the director of the movie titanic and the terminator.
Speaker2 is interested in applying for graduate school in America. The graduate school accepts no applications after January 29th, but the first semester starts on February 5th.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been dating for 6 months. Speaker1 wants to take their relationship to the next level. Speaker2 doesn't want to be casual.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about how they got around over there. Speaker2 used the train system and bought a special pass called a enrail pass. They both agree that the American train system is bad and that the automobile companies are too powerful. They think that in the future the world governments will start limiting car use. Speaker1 has to get back home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the weather in their hometowns. Speaker2 likes summer and winter in Seattle and Boston.
Speaker1 will help you with your homework.
Speaker1 wants to know where the jacket came from.
Speaker1 is leaving for Washington tomorrow morning. Speaker2 will come and see him off.
Speaker2 fell in love at first sight with a beautiful girl.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for Tom.
Speaker2 bought a blouse in spring street yesterday. Speaker1 thinks she looks pretty in a blue dress.
Speaker2 is a junior in nanjing university in Nanjing. He chose the college because it has a good reputation and it's located in his favourite city.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the play they saw. They will go to see a musical comedy next time.
Neither team has won the game. ac milan's defence seems better organized.
Speaker1 is tired of terry.
Speaker2 is taking a crash course in math. He needs to prepare for his exams for getting into the university. He has been studying for eight hours a day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have both seen the new "Hannibal Letter" movie. They both liked it.
Mary seems depressed and speaker1 wonders what's the matter.
Speaker1 found an apartment in Haitian. He invited Speaker2 to a housewarming party on Saturday night. Speaker2 will bring some fold - up chairs for people.
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend the Oscars on Sunday night. Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the oscars. They are the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood.
Speaker1 bought a brick on the sidewalk from a guy who was selling new panasonic video camera boxes for twenty dollars. The box is still in its plastic wrap.
Speaker2 likes dance, chess, collecting stamps, travelling and taking photos. Speaker1 likes gardening.
Speaker1 wants to know more about ground - level ozone.
Tom was caught stealing something again in the supermarket. His brother will go bail for him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering why Speaker2 is not at work today. Speaker2 doesn't have the day off because of a nationwide strike.
Speaker1 wants to know if he's going to take the job.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the movies. Speaker2 can't join them as he has to help John with his math problems.
Speaker1 wants to know which sports women excel at the most. Speaker2 thinks women excel in every sport except football. He knows some women who love golf and some who love contact sports.
Speaker1 is going on her first date tonight. She will wear a polka dot purple dress with her hair piled at the rear and highheel shoes.
Speaker2 has a new car. He is happy with it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to eat out tonight.
Speaker1 would like to retire earlier.
Speaker1's and Speaker2's favourite NBA player is Kobe Bryant. Kobe came to Beijing for the summer Olympics and they went to the match between China and USA.
Speaker1 has the latest onxiu magazine checked out, but Speaker2 has missed it again. Speaker2 wants to reserve it.
Speaker2 likes to study English because it gives him great satisfaction.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy about the state of economy in their country.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about who got the statue that won.
Speaker1 will sit in Speaker2's place.
The final examination will be held at the end of this month. Speaker2 has made good preparation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a person who says things as if all his geese are swans.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see Tarzan tomorrow. They will buy two tickets for 35 yuan each.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to turn down the radio and not borrow her clothes without asking.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a bullfight. Speaker1 has two tickets to the latest show.
Speaker1 spilled coffee on the tablecloth and wants to apologize to Speaker2.
Speaker1 is glad to have had the opportunity to meet Speaker2.
Speaker1's favourite ice cream is chocolate with chocolate. Speaker2 doesn't like any ice cream with nuts in it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Colin's jet lag and his plans for today.
Stephanie has a complicated morning routine. She has to set aside about an hour and a half to get ready in the mornings.
Speaker1 wants to know why it took him so long to quit smoking.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met at John's dinner last month. Speaker1 used to work for 3m but now he works for microsoft. Speaker2 is a fashion designer and has a fashion show next month. He will bring a friend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the cheesy movie "Titanic". Speaker2 likes "Terminator".
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are interested in the olympic games. Speaker1 wants to be a volunteer for the 2008 Beijing olympics.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't go to the beach on foot. They will take a bus.
Speaker1 will call Speaker2 sometime next week and they will meet again.
May will bring Speaker1's note to professor li today. Speaker1 has been absent five times this semester. He will ask for leave this time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are upset about the fact that employees working overtime in some companies get no pay for it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will buy two tickets for the 7:30 pm showing of 'Beautiful Mind' and 'Titanic' for tomorrow.
Speaker2 would like to become a music teacher in the future.
Joe is living on his parents since he has graduated from college.
A Chinese girl has broken the world record in the 5000 metres race in the Olympics.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like small towns. Many roads are narrow and there are few cars.
Speaker1 has a gun and is shooting at Veronica. He is a spy for the Indian government. He fell in love with Veronica and lied to her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch "Terminal" tonight. The movie stars Catherine Zeta - Jones and Steven Spielberg.
Speaker1 thinks that he is too young for the job.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other happy new year. They don't have any plans.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have one more program at their party. Speaker2 can play the piano.
Speaker2 will come over to Speaker1's to eat some chicken.
Speaker2 has a sore throat and a bad cough. He has had a lot of overtime recently and hasn't slept much. He should get some rest this weekend.
Speaker2 didn't sleep well last night. He had a bad dream about ghosts chasing him through the graveyard. His mother woke him up and gave him some cookies and milk.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 ate a lot of food and Speaker1 is full.
Speaker2 has a part - time job as a bartender at a bar. He learned how to deal with people from all walks of life.
Speaker1 explains to Speaker2 why they have to set their clocks back one hour for daylight savings time.
Speaker1 had a really bad day today.
Speaker2's girl friend likes swimming. She is good at backstroke, free style and sidestroke. She wants to learn the butterfly stroke. Speaker1 is now practicing underwater swimming for fun.
Speaker1: he was once a poor man, but now he is a man of means.
Speaker1 wants to study in the UK, but it's expensive. He got a conditional offer from Oxford university. He was also accepted into Yale and Sydney universities.
Speaker1 warns speaker1 that if he drinks too many cups he's going to get a bay window.
Speaker2 will join Speaker1's summer camp next week. He enjoys camping and hiking.
Speaker1 and Jim are going to see each other tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 didn't know that Neil is quitting.
Speaker1 will borrow two bikes from the shop tomorrow, but has to pick them up himself.
Speaker1 is happy he left the company and is working as a freelancer now.
Speaker1 feels he works harder when he is under pressure.
Speaker1 wants to know Speaker2's method of learning to speak English.
Speaker1 is not convinced by Speaker2's explanation. It's five o'clock and there's little time left.
Speaker1 has a lot of work to do in the company recently. He is going to buy a new air conditioner for his parents' house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the traffic and Lily's party.
Speaker2 likes spring the best season.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy about their roommate's move today.
Speaker1 will show Speaker2 where to look for a newspaper article in the periodicals.
Speaker2 does some routine job in his work time. Sometimes he is very busy.
Speaker1 was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony. Speaker2 explains that many couples today write their own wedding vows. The reception reminds Speaker1 and Speaker2 of wedding parties back in China.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are concerned about Brian's health. Brian has been sick recently.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Sarah gave up her decision to marry dick.
Speaker1 wants to find some books on social science in the library. Speaker2 shows him how to find them in the card catalog.
Speaker1 invites Julia to go to the movies with him tonight. She doesn't like to go on a date. They will meet in the coffee shop.
Speaker1 and Catherine will go out for dinner and a movie tomorrow at 7 o'clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Leo is dating a woman 30 years younger than him.
Speaker2 doesn't want to talk to Vince about his admirer.
Speaker1 is angry that Speaker2 didn't call him last night. He was rude to him at lunch.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the weather in Sam.
Speaker1 wants to go skiing with Speaker2. They will go to the new ski area. Speaker2 is not an active exerciser and is worried about the safety. Speaker1 recommends a three-day training camp.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Speaker2's new gold pendant.
Speaker2 forgot about Valentine's Day. She had a fight with Jack. Jack asked her out to dinner tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the dragon boat festival tomorrow. Speaker2 will join them.
Speaker1 is not interested in math.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the rock concert on Friday night. Speaker2 will buy his own ticket.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been there before. It's already twelve o'clock and they haven't received a single email until now. They have an addiction to checking emails and text messages. They both have their cell phones with them.
Speaker1 has been calling Speaker2 all morning. Speaker2 has been playing a first person shooter game called counter strike on his laptop.
Speaker1 wants to know why Tom quit his job.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sceptical about a man who is going to tell them the secret of becoming a successful man.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy a purple top and jeans.
Speaker1 tells her to get a grab instead of getting upset about little things.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 received a letter from Ucla about Speaker2's acceptance.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the new art gallery instead of hiking at the weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to be a dress designer.
Speaker1 uses the internet a lot to find products and components at the lowest price for his company. He is online eight hours a day. He helps other people in the office when they have trouble online.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the use of the internet and personal computers. One of the common uses of pc is to buy goods online.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the concert at the music hall this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in a beautiful place. They are going out to enjoy the natural scenery.
Speaker1 is in love with his wife, but his mother and his wife have different ideas. Speaker2 thinks he should support his wife.
Speaker1 needs to change his name.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to wear a uniform to work on the sales floor. Speaker2 doesn't mind it, because he doesn't have to worry about what he's going to wear every day. He likes his new job and his new boss. He has met Jane, who is his cousin.
Speaker1 has always wanted to own a farm and live in the country. Speaker2 doesn't know much about farming.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's grades are based on attendance, homework, attendance, quizzes and test results for the semester.
Speaker1 watched a documentary about plants yesterday evening. There is a type of plant that catches insects and eats them, but it's not found in this country. Other unusual plants that fascinate Speaker1 and Speaker2 are cacti.
Speaker1 got the job he was recommended for last week thanks to Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to visit the great wall.
Speaker1 bet $200 on the cougars to win the game.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for a couple of beers tonight. Speaker2 can't join them, because he has to work late.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's teacher is strict and strict.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are starting a band together. They are going to play vanilla ice songs.
Speaker1 doesn't like Speaker2's hair style.
Speaker1 is angry at Speaker2 because he is in love with janet. He went out for lunch with her last week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like watching current affairs programmes and documentaries. There is a time limit on the amount of advertisements that can be shown per hour on tv in Speaker1's country.
Speaker1 congratulates speaker2 on his voyage.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in a dream. They are in love.
Speaker2 is looking for a carpenter to build a deck in his back yard. He wants to hang out with friends and do some barbecuing on weekends. Speaker1 will build the deck with a guardrail.
Speaker1 wonders if speaker1 is tired.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a wonderful evening.
Speaker1 is going to try sky diving this weekend. He will tell Speaker2 about it next Monday.
Joan keeps talking when Speaker1 and Speaker2 are reading.
Bill Clinton's approval rating has gone up in his second term. His approval rating is as high as 66 percent.
Speaker2 is taking maths, english, chemistry, physics and biology courses. He likes most of the teachers, except for his Chinese teacher. His oral english teacher is an american from a small town in California. He is great.
Speaker1 wants to apply to an american university. He needs to write to the admission office. He will be sent an application form and a tap - 66 form. If the university agrees to enroll him, he will apply for a passport and a visa from the embassy in Beijing. It can take from 3 to 6 months to get enrolled.
Speaker1 is from the New York book review. Speaker2's latest book is a murder mystery based on a true story about murders that took place in Florida several years ago. Speaker1 read the book in a single day. The main character, the police invesigator, is based on the man who investigated the case. The collection of short stories is a collection of stories.
Speaker1's friend Jenny's last name is Jenny. Jenny's eyes are blue and her hair is brown.
Speaker1 likes watching comedies. Speaker2 doesn't like horror movies because they're too scary.
Speaker1 is going to get a library card issued to him. He will need his driver's license or other form of i. d. and a short form.
Speaker2 met Amanda about one year ago after school.
Speaker2 doesn't like snakes. He's afraid of them.
Speaker2 likes to take his family on short trips during the weekend. He also likes to paint seascapes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time.
Speaker2 will apply for a library card and fill out the application.
Speaker2 spent time in the United States. The cultural differences impressed him the most. One of his American friends had a cold for several days, so he was reluctant to answer his question. Speaker2 suggested him to go to the hospital.
Speaker1: he has so many friends supporting him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are leaving the office for the night. Speaker1's car is keyless entry and the steering wheel recognizes his finger prints before starting the car. They will use the navigation system to find the best route home. Speaker2 will help Speaker1 find the remote control for the garage door.
Speaker2 is going for a hike in the southern rocky mountains for the weekend. He will be hiking 30 miles in three days. He saw a bear and a mountain lion on his last hike.
Speaker2 is married and doesn't mind Speaker1 asking a personal question.
Speaker2 has a friend who wants to learn English. He will take him to Speaker1's place on Saturday before noon. Speaker1 will pick him up from the airport in the afternoon.
Speaker1 feels sorry for him, because he got laid off again.
Speaker1 wants to know more about the mid - autumn festival. It falls on the 15th day of the eighth lunar month. The festival is named after chang ' e, a goddess who had eaten some sort of elixir and had to depart her husband. She is always expecting to see her husband again. When there is a full moon, it is time for the family to come together.
Speaker1 is a new student and wants to know how to use the library. He can check out two books at a time, but he can't check out newspapers, magazines and periodicals. He has to keep the books for two weeks. He wants a book on physics.
Speaker1 thinks this one will do. Speaker2 doesn't think so.
There will be a reorganization in the marketing department. James is going to be packed off there.
Mrs. smith is always worried about her children.
Speaker1 has bought a birthday present for Lillian.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have to let him go as the company made some decisions.
Anlesen and David got engaged last weekend while they were on the Sik trip. They are getting married next June.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to dance at a dance hall in the city tonight.
Tom promised to cut the lung and repair the television. He also promised to help Johnny with his homework. He will try not to be late for dinner.
Jim got the money from Nick.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't blame her anymore as it was her that made them embarrassed.
Speaker2 is going to quit his job because he can't show his abilities at work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a woman they both like.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Speaker2 for moving their flower pots.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see Julia Roberts' new movie.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't expect the teacher to curve their test grades.
Speaker1 wants to check out two books on spoken english from the library.
Speaker1 wants to know how he did that.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are impressed with the new sony camcorder. They discuss digital video cameras.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to join a club together. Speaker2 is thinking of joining the tennis club. Speaker1 is not good at tennis.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will either be millionaires or they won't have a dime in the next three weeks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 hate sand storms. The government is working on it, but it's not easy.
Speaker2 wants to return the book and check out the magazine. Speaker1 can't let him do that, because of the policy.
Tom is moving to Canada next month to live with his son.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other a happy Thanksgiving.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to try the new Mexican restaurant on the other side of the street.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet over the weekend at Speaker2's health club. Speaker1 will join them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in a city with a beautiful natural park.
Speaker2 is worried about his daughter who can't decide about college.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish merry Christmas to Lily and joey. Lily's first Christmas in the US.
Speaker1 wants the teacher to give them more time to complete the assignment.
Speaker1 has come back from Canada and wants to see Miss Morrison, but she's gone to the theatre. He has a parcel from her parents and will leave it with Speaker2.
Speaker1 doesn't have a locker. He had to carry his backpack with him all day. He will remind him to give him a locker tomorrow.
Speaker1 got drunk and made a fool of himself in a meeting with a mafia guy and a married woman.
Speaker1's grand - father was a farmer. His grandfather was a merchant who ran a small business. He couldn't afford to send his father to school, so he used the time to study instead. He was a soldier and a fireman in the village. When he was middle aged, he became famous as a leader of police officers. He is a senator now.
Speaker1 will ask to be considered for the new job. There is a lot of creativity involved in the job, but there is no creativity involved. There will be a decrease in pay.
Speaker1 was going to call her, but the phone rang and it was her.
Speaker1 has to cancel his appointment with Speaker2 as he has to go to Shanghai for a few days. He will be back on Tuesday.
Hollywood is the movie capital of the world in southern California. It produced gangster movies from the ready to the mid 1930s. After that, it produced detective movies and musicals. In the mid - 50's, the light - hearted genre was competing with films about more serious subjects. Since the early 1960's, there have been horror movies about people who encounter frightening, unnatural situations, serious films such as documentarist about events that actually happened, and science fiction movies about possible f
Speaker1 wants to have the book back from Bob.
Speaker1 was supposed to call his mother an hour ago, but he has to use the phone.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will see each other around around.
Speaker2 is terrible at sports, but he loves to watch sports and read sports magazines. Speaker1 likes to exercise. She does aerobics three times a week and plays badminton with her husband.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father is 90 years old and lives alone in a big house. He doesn't like to ask anyone for help. Their grandmother was stubbornly independent.
Speaker1 explains to Speaker2 how to drive a golf ball on a tee.
Speaker1 is a smoker. Speaker2 doesn't mind him smoking here.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the Chinese and American custom of the wedding and the wedding reception.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 heard the boss is planning to sell the company.
Speaker1 is a subscriber to 10 different fashion magazines.
Speaker1 has moved.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going out for dinner and to the movies. Speaker1 is going to pay for both.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a new Thai restaurant called the bangkok for dinner tomorrow night.
Speaker1 invited Speaker2 and his wife to a dinner party at his home for the holidays next Friday night. Speaker1 invited four other couples and everyone from his company.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know who that tall man is, but he's a big shot.
Speaker2 is going to kill the cat that ate Speaker1's fish.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to see Michael last night. Michael had just bought a new motorcycle. Speaker2 tried it and he liked it. He would like to buy a bicycle.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy that Speaker1 passed history test.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the book "An excellent one".
Speaker1 is going to the bookstore today to buy his textbooks. He will meet Speaker2 there at 1.
Speaker1 will return the fish to the miss. She will order the steak instead as the special today.
Speaker1 doesn't know what to get his mom for Christmas. He got her a ring that was two sizes too small last year.
Speaker2 does one set of shadow - boxing exercises every morning after he gets up.
He loves that blonde girl. He once gave her seven roses. She accepted it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a place to see for sightseeing.
Margaret and Greg are coming to Chicago at the beginning of August. Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to play some golf or go to a baseball game. Margaret and Greg will take the dog.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Speaker1's make - up.
Speaker1 likes the kid because he's lovely.
John seems to be in high cotton. Speaker1 and Speaker2 think he will become a big shot.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went on a family vacation to the seaside. Speaker2's son began to cry the moment they got on the train. They took the over - night train and the noise made it difficult for other people in the cabin to sleep. They put his teddy bear in the bag. He fell asleep at mid - night with it in his arms. He was excited to see the blue sea and picked up many seashells to give to his classmates in kindergarten.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to work for Webtracker.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss what will make them happy. Speaker2 thinks money will make him happy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the company's Christmas party.
Speaker1's father's angry face always makes her blood run cold.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been on good terms with a girl but she got in dutch with her boss. Speaker2 doesn't want to see her pounding the pavements.
Cross cousin marriage is not allowed in China. It's true of many countries.
Speaker1 is going swimming this afternoon. Speaker2 can't join him as he has a tennis class at the club on Wednesday afternoon.
Speaker1 came to know a girl three weeks ago and he thinks he may fall in love with her. She jogs every morning. She likes dogs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the size of the world on the map.
Speaker1's favorite comedy is "Ace Ventura, Pet Detective" and "Jim Carry". Speaker2's favorite is " Jim Carry".
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will watch a movie tonight at 7 o'clock.
Speaker1 is going shopping and needs to borrow $ 50 to buy a dress.
Speaker2 is the oldest child and has a sister and a brother. His sister is in college and his brother in high school.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a difficult test. Speaker2 didn't do well.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the company retreat should be in the mountains this year. They will ask everyone what would be the best time for them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to make sure he remembers white day.
Julie and Alex are getting married. Alex's best man is organizing the bachelor party. Speaker1 and the other groomsmen are going to play drinking games, get him some gag gifts and have a good time.
Speaker1 will borrow "Death on the Nile" from Speaker2 when he finishes reading it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's son is gone and their heart is broken.
There is a garage sale around the corner where people check out cars.
Speaker1's store imports 40% of its products from China. Japan, Germany and Japan produce a lot of mechanical exports.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go on a factory tour tomorrow. They will visit a lager motor company which is open to the public every weekend.
Speaker1 will get the door for Speaker2 and help him with it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are still on their summer vacation.
Speaker1 had a terrible week. He fell down and hurt his arm, his son drove into a tree, his dog bit the delivery boy, and a storm blew his roof away.
Speaker1 has met his wife, Mary, but Speaker2 hasn't met her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in Speaker1's detached house. They are going to swim in the swimming pool.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a device that shuts off to save energy. It's not alive, but it breathes.
Speaker2 is studying in the eastern asian language department. He is majoring in Japanese.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how blind people are easily conned.
Speaker1 will be the teacher for intercultural communication class. The class meets on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 3:15 to 4:50. The grading is determined by performance on a midterm and a final test.
Janet has got a new job at the united investment group. Tom inherited a lot of money from his uncle. He will probably invest it to save up for retirement.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw two men fighting beside their door this morning. They are the two brothers living next door.
Speaker1 is going to go home. Speaker2 wants to stay out and drink with Sharon, c ' mon, ann, and other people. Speaker1 had two drinks at nine o'clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new roommate, Bob, who moved in last week. Bob has a new girlfriend, who came over last weekend. Speaker2 doesn't like her voice. She invited him out to dinner tonight.
Speaker1 is angry at Speaker2 for taking $ 200 from the bank.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the concert this evening. Speaker1 will pick Speaker2 up at six thirty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a game tonight. Speaker1 is nervous, because each team has his idols. ac wins.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like all the teachers in their class except for the math teacher. They like the english teacher.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want Speaker2 to cover up his sadness.
Speaker1 is looking for a resort to stay at in the yellowstone national park. Speaker2 has been there and recommends it to him.
Speaker1 is going to teach Bobby how to play chess. Bobby will play with the black pieces.
Speaker2 lost his wallet in the theatre last night. He has already called the police station and they are looking for it. He is leaving soon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to go to a horror movie.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see each other around the world.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's father is in the hospital resting. Speaker2 is worried about his health. Speaker1 will go with Speaker2 to the hospital tonight.
Speaker1 doesn't like black shoes. Speaker2 thinks black shoes are better than pink.
Speaker1 is sorry that he damaged Bob's bike.
Speaker2's sister is a lawyer. She lives in Seattle, but she's working in Washington, D.C. right now.
Speaker2 was fired last week. He will have a rest after the tour and then go to find a new job.
Speaker2 has a severe headache and needs to see a doctor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that he got the scholarship to Harvard.
Speaker2 fell over on the way to work yesterday and broke his phone, so he couldn't call Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a bar.
Speaker1 is crazy about the guy she met at the cafe. She only knows him through the internet, though.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are sending birthday wishes to Kate.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to live in a tree house in the nature.
Speaker1 doesn't stand a chance of passing the exam.
Speaker2 has been to Britain many times on business. He usually goes to London twice a year, but sometimes he goes three or four times a year.
Speaker1 is planning to emigrate to Canada.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet at 5 pm to eat something to eat.
Speaker2 has been to Shanghai three times in the past year. He hasn't been to the top of the pearl tower or the bund.
Speaker2 is enjoying his trip to New Orleans. He has been to several jazz clubs and a riverboat tour this week. He will go to the Sanger Theater tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see a live band at the pub down the road on Thursday night. They will watch a reality tv show.
Speaker1 wants to try a different hair style today. Speaker2 will cut his hair a few inches short.
Speaker1 wants to know more about the agriculture and industry of New Zealand.
Speaker2 has just had his new poems published. His brother is going to study in Britain to study.
Speaker2 has been in Taiwan for about 3 years. He came here in 2000. He grew up in Providence, Rhode Island.
Speaker2 wants to get some plastic surgery to feel better about herself and feel more attractive.
Speaker1's watch has stopped and it's 2: 42.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in Las Vegas and they are going to play blackjack.
Speaker1 has just won the lottery.
Speaker1 didn't expect to see Speaker2 at this hour. Speaker2 goofed off again and he will probably get the bag.
Speaker1 handed in his paper to the professor. Speaker2 thinks it's a good paper, but Speaker1 should narrow down the topic.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to leave the past behind them.
Speaker1 thinks the story is boring.
Speaker2 is terrible at sports, but he loves to watch sports and read sports magazines. Speaker1 likes to exercise. She does aerobics three times a week, and plays badminton with her husband.
Speaker1 has broken up with him. She is going to drown her sorrows.
Speaker1's brother started investing money at the age of 16.
Speaker1 will show Speaker2 how to use the copy machine. It costs ten cents a copy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having dinner together tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Julia Roberts' acting and personality.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about the hot weather.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the weather recently.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet in the cafe at 10 o'clock on Monday to practice their chinese and English. They will also practice their Mandarin and international relations.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to discuss Speaker1's salary. Speaker1 wants to get a 5% raise. Speaker2 will have to give everyone a raise in order to do it.
Speaker1 is impressed with Speaker2's knowledge of English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching the soccer match tonight. Speaker2 is for Manchester United.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to spend their holidays abroad this year. Speaker2 wants to go to Egypt.
Speaker1 took part in a Chinese contest and won a trip to China. He doesn't have to pay for the trip.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the final report of the project.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to try out Speaker1's new exercise tomorrow morning.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are celebrating Mary's birthday. They are going to have a cup of tea and sing happy birthday to her.
Speaker1 will turn on the air conditioning, but Speaker2 prefers not to as it makes him sneeze.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think that more and more women don't want to stay at home and keep house now.
Speaker1 sent Speaker2 a check for his performance tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are partners in their science lab. Speaker2's aunt Mary just flew in from Cleveland and she laid lipstick on Speaker1's right cheek.
Speaker2 is going to the cinema on Friday night and will have dinner with Speaker1 on Saturday night.
Speaker1 gave Speaker2 an outline for their marketing strategy next year. Speaker2 was impressed with Speaker1's presentation.
Speaker2 is listening to Jay Chou's new album. He is crazy for the title song.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to wait for their school bus at a free bus stop.
Speaker1 wants to know how is Jim recently.
Speaker1 is happy that she lives a happy life after marriage.
Speaker2 has been here for 2 months. He speaks English a little, but not very well.
Speaker1 bought a sweater yesterday, but it's too small. He wants to exchange it for a bigger one, but the biggest size they have is too big.
Speaker1 met him just before he took off from Kitty's. Carole couldn't make it, so Speaker2 had to go by herself. His car died again, so he couldn't come.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how they celebrate Thanksgiving in the US.
Speaker2 thinks he blew the final and his parents are going to get upset about it. He doesn't like Jennifer Davies. Jennifer is the teacher's pet. Yesterday she kissed up to Mr. Edward and said "good morning" to him before class.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the Japanese team.
Speaker2's work starts at eight and he arrives home after six. He can take a 30-minute break at lunch time.
Speaker2 had a big argument with Ann last night. They were planning to go to the beach this weekend, but Ann's boyfriend had already made other plans.
Speaker1 wants to borrow some money from Henry as the wage is not paid yet.
Speaker1 has been putting on a few pounds and is looking for advice on how to lose it. Speaker2 goes running at least three times a week and plays sports.
Speaker1 doesn't think the manager will get mad at him for being late.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to miss each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will take May and Daniel to the beach this weekend. They haven't been out for a long time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 saw John last week. John has been queer in the head since his accident.
Speaker2 has to go to the grocery store tonight. He is out of food and milk.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy to see each other and want to meet more often.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about John and the children.
Speaker2's parents reminded her that she should have a plan to marry by her late 20s. She has no time to go on a date, so she will find one herself. There is an online dating website providing three minutes video date.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are thinking of each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 watched a horrible movie on Channel 6 last night. They wonder why tv programs often show too much violence.
Speaker1 doesn't like to see the abuse of animals.
Speaker1 will help Speaker2 with setting up his new computer.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met up after a long time. Speaker1 was driven to the airport by her husband.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see "Rocky Six" on Saturday.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will try to go shopping this weekend. Speaker1 will call Speaker2 on Friday.
Speaker1 wants to borrow magazines. Speaker2 advises him to fill in the slip and take it to the circulation desk.
Speaker1 never watches foreign films because they're too boring. Speaker2 thinks first blood is a good movie, but it's a bad one.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to break up.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to Speaker2's parents' house for his father's 50th birthday. They will go to a movie tomorrow night.
Speaker1 is going to get a library card from Speaker2.
Speaker2's boss asked him to beef up in the work.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are bored. They don't have any hobbies. Speaker1 likes to doodle on the notepad and play the piano.
Speaker1 told Martha that he was on a date with Sara. He will explain to Sara that they are just friends next time he sees her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the new Chinese restaurant for dinner this evening.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met at the airport. Speaker2 will visit Beijing again and will keep in touch.
Speaker1 had a winter with snow in Kunming in the south china.
Speaker1 wants to know where he can park. He can either park in the student lot, on the street or in a handicapped space.
Speaker2 has been in America for more than five years. He thinks it's easy for Chinese to get accustomed to the western culture.
Speaker1 explains to Speaker2 that there are smaller things that are even smaller than atoms.
Speaker1 has brought a bouquet of flowers for Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a football match. Speaker2's neighbors complained that Speaker1 was noisy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for girls who like to have fun and aren't serious.
Speaker1 wants to meet with Speaker1 tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go swimming today.
Speaker2's car won't start. His friend thinks it might be the spark plug or the starter motor. The engine doesn't start, so he should turn the key in the ignition.
Speaker1 has quit his job.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are reading the results from the world athletics championship. They got gold medals in three events. They won the men's 110 metres hurdles, the high jump and the women's 1500 meters. The woman who won the 1500 meters broke the world record. A Russian man broke the discus record.
Ellen sends Speaker1 and Speaker2 a picture of her outfit.
Speaker1 is going to gamble on the world cup tonight. She and her husband are betting on France.
Speaker2's house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all his furniture.
John is sick and has to stay in bed. Speaker2 will do more exercises after he is healthy.
Speaker2 graduated with a ba in English from qingdao university a few years ago. Speaker1 has just graduated from high school and wants to go to university. He has applied to four universities and has been accepted into all of them. He would like to live in London, but it's expensive.
Speaker1 will read the newspaper while waiting for train 10 to arrive.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a cup of coffee. The machine is out of order and Speaker1 lost his money.
Speaker2 fell in love with her at the first sight, but he didn't know she had a three - year - old girl.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the environment problems in the world today. They discuss the problem of air pollution and desertification.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are no longer eating in the cafeteria. They are going to eat in the restaurant around the corner. The cafeteria is serving the chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days.
Speaker1 is not sure how old he is.
Speaker1 has brought a little dog for alice. He wants to ask her if she would like to be his girlfriend.
Lucas has just moved in next door to Speaker1. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have tea and some grape juice. There is a supermarket and a tea house around the corner.
Speaker1 is going to report her boss for sexual harassment. She is fed up with his sexist comments.
Speaker1 came from the country and has not seen Speaker2's lady close. He finds her beautiful.
Speaker1 wants to have dinner with Speaker2 tonight, but he has to work overtime. Speaker2 is not interested.
Speaker1 and Rose are going to set off firecrackers tomorrow. The celebration of the new year has just started. They will make new year calls on family relatives. They had a tour to Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand and Hong Kong last year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing Speaker2's reluctance to move forward.
Speaker2's new apartment is in a quiet neighborhood, but one of his neighbors has a dog.
Speaker1 wants to borrow thirty thousand dollars from his dad to invest in the market. Speaker2 doesn't want to lend him the money, because of the uncertainty in the markets.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't think it's a good idea to stop producing cigarettes.
Speaker1 will show Speaker2 how to solve the rubik ' s cube if he gives him some hints about a ps2 game.
Speaker1: a beautiful center.
Speaker1 wants Mary to take the math and english evaluation tests before she leaves.
Speaker1 has a bone to pick with Speaker2 and wants to clear the air with him.
The godfather and its sequel won an Oscar for best picture. They were both directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are critical of their country's government. They think it's typical of them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a conference with the department managers at eight thirty. At 9 o'clock, they will live for the workshop where they will award prizes to the staff for preventatives. They will also lay the corner stone for the new plant at 10 am. At 12 am, they are having lunch.
Speaker2 gets along well with most of his co - workers, but he doesn't like Margaret. Margaret is a terrible gossip and tries to start problems among other employees by spreading rumors.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a good time at Speaker2's party.
Speaker2 met Bill through a computer bulletin board at the local coffee house called the San Francisco Net. Speaker1 has heard about it, but he has never tried it. He will tag along with Speaker2 to a chat session.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a house. Speaker1 loves it, but he can't open the door.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet this weekend.
Speaker2 is majoring in chemistry. His specialty is chemistry.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing what to do during the national day.
John hasn't finished reading the novel by Dickens borrowed from the library. Speaker2 got a cold two days ago and only finished reading half of it. He is feeling better today. Speaker1 will come to him in three days to finish reading it.
Speaker1 is feeling a pain.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a long winter holiday. Speaker1 had a get - together with schoolmates at the high school. Speaker2 visited the internet and read a couple of books.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the American character. Speaker1 doesn't think Americans are very romantic.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having lunch outside. The weather is nice.
Speaker2 is going to the cafeteria downstairs. Speaker1 has some urgent work to finish and needs a takeaway.
Speaker2 is 150 pounds. He should put himself on a diet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 took history 231 last semester. Speaker2 got an a- but none of his test scores were that high.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that he has known Mary only four days.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 wish each other a happy new year. Speaker1 wants to be healthier this year and take more exercise. Speaker2 doesn't have any resolutions yet.
Speaker1 has a lot of hobbies in his spare time. Speaker2 has fewer hobbies and finds campus life dull and uninteresting. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will practise their photography skills today.
Speaker1 has a slipped disc in his lower back and will need to make a claim. He will have to have a surgery. The company has two insurance policies for employees: workman's compensation and medical insurance.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing why Speaker1 decided to go for this kind of life.
Speaker1 will show Speaker2 how to find the newspaper article he needs.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching a football game in America. The giants are up by three points, but the redskins have the ball and are close to the end zone. There was a hard hit on the home team. The referee called a penalty.
Speaker1 has a new puppy. Speaker2 wants to see a picture of it.
Speaker1 is going to Ireland this summer. He doesn't want to take his children.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have seen a new feature film.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a party for Speaker2 who is seven.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the hero of the film.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a baby.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at a party. Speaker2 works for an accountancy company, T & D.
Speaker1 wants to know why he is working day and night.
The stepmother couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face, so she did her best to pull out the thorn in his flesh.
Speaker1 will help Speaker2 with his bags.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to put his feet down on the table.
Speaker2 will apply for a library card and sign the back of the card.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at an auction. Speaker2 won't buy anything.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have two weeks off. Speaker1's parents have rented a condominium in Florida. Speaker2 will stay at home.
Speaker1 can't stand the stupid guy. Speaker1 will talk with him and teach him how to deal with the problems, but he hasn't listened to her.
Speaker2 signed up for the picnic party. This time he can bring his daughter.
Speaker1 went to a casual party last night with some journalists. He will go to a party tonight.
Speaker1's birthday is on the nineteenth of June. He wants to have a small party.
A hacker broke into the company's files and got all her personal information. She got ripped off.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have eight courses for this semester.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the difference between english for Chinese students and english for native students.
Speaker1 needs to get a traveler's check and some foreign currency. Speaker2 will lend Speaker1 her suitcase.
Speaker2 has a new business phone. It has wireless internet access and bluetooth, but he doesn't use it that often. His phone quit working last week and he hasn't had a chance to buy a new one yet. He's been living without a phone for a week.
Speaker2 is feeling better today, but he coughed a lot in the evening. He needs smoking to keep himself awake.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss their weekend plans. Speaker2 is interested in short trips to nearby scenic spots. Speaker1 loves swimming, cycling and going to the beach. He has swimming and cycling practice on Sunday morning and rides his bike around the city or along the country roads.
Joe was fired because he bad mouthed the boss behind his back.
Speaker1 is sorry for spilling his drink on Speaker2's rug.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Nancy. Nancy has just parted with her boyfriend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will do the seaweed wrap, the jet bath and the foot massage for half a day.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to helen's birthday party on Friday evening. She invited a lot of people, but a few people couldn't come. Speaker1 has got her a birthday present and will take a bottle of wine.
Speaker1 hated the hand - me - downs to wear when she was a kid.
Speaker1 wants to buy two tickets for for 7:30.
Speaker2 learned to drive and he got a driving license last vacation.
Speaker2 doesn't like barry because he's too ambitious and dishonest. He likes his brother, Paul. Paul is sociable and more honest than his brother.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to watch a movie tonight at 6:30 pm at the cinema.
Speaker1 congratulates speaker2 on the birth of a girl.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the most important things to do when running a business. They discuss how to maximise revenues.
Speaker1 explains why the paper absorbs water so quickly.
John has some trouble in his life, because his father died.
Speaker1 and Bob Copeland are commentating on the second half of the 2022 world cup match between ecuador and brazil.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are new to the choir. Speaker2 will sing alto for the next perforate. Speaker1 will sing baritone.
Speaker1 congratulates Speaker2 on her wedding to Freddy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are fishing from the shore. They are using live bait, worms and minnows. Speaker2 has a favourite fishing hole, but he can't tell Speaker1 where.
Speaker2 has been to China for the first time. He has visited many other countries in Europe and the US.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like romance movies. Speaker2's favorite movie is "Sue".
Speaker1 wants to know what day it is today and the date.
Speaker2 is going to propose to her now.
Speaker1 will drive Speaker2's car but he has to be careful.
Speaker1 was awarded government funding last year and needs to hire new employees to keep it. Someone in the main office has a nephew who he thinks can slide into the management position Speaker1 wanted.
Speaker1 is going back to London tomorrow. Speaker2 is going to visit him in London.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the idea of having a single global language. Speaker2 suggests english.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have lunch together another time as Speaker1 is behind schedule.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's neighbour's tape recorder is so loud that it annoys them. Speaker1 wants to cut the electricity off.
Speaker1 welcomes new students to the school and asks them to come to him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are not for violence in movies.
Speaker2 is a good dancer. He likes the old styles of dance such as fox - trot, waltz, rumba, tango and so on. He doesn't like modern dance, because most young people like rock and roll.
Speaker1 wants to find information on world war two. Speaker2 suggests him to go to www. google.com and type in normandy landing to find out more.
Speaker1 wants to redo the poster, but John and Mary think it's good enough as it is.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at a beautiful view of St. James Park and Buckingham Palace. They are going to go to Hyde Park today.
Speaker2 went to Australia and New Zealand on vacation. He went bungee jumping. He jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been eating fast food for the whole week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are not going to increase salary this year.
Speaker2 doesn't want to go against his wife as she always has better ideas.
Speaker1 is catching the eleven o'clock train to leave for home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will take the second row in the front of the cinema for titanic tonight.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a dinner tonight. There are only 6 people coming, because Paul and Marcia cancelled at the last moment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about the weather. It has been raining hard all day long. The rainy season lasts for about two months.
Speaker1 wants to go skating with Speaker2 this afternoon, but Speaker2 is going to clean his dormitory.
Speaker1 will keep the books for a month. He has to return them to the circulation desk to renew them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to Europe next month. Speaker2 is excited about the trip, but he is terrified of flying. He has acrophobia, arachnophobia, glossophobia and claustrophobia.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to throw a party tomorrow night. Monica will come. The party starts at 6 pm.
Speaker1 is angry at Speaker2 for sending him a message without asking him first.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have dinner together tonight. Speaker1 will pick Speaker2 up at 7 or 30.
Speaker2 hasn't finished his paper yet. He should hand it in before next Sunday.
Speaker2 will not come to Speaker1's party as he failed three courses today.
Speaker1 had a terrible journey back from bangkok last week. The taxi that was taking him from the client's office to the airport broke down on the freeway and he didn't have a phone on him, so he couldn't get in touch with the office to get them to send another one. He thumbed a lift from a truck on the side of the freeway. He missed his flight and had to wait three hours for the next one.
Speaker1 wants to borrow change for a hundred.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have read the new rules about using cell phone at work. They don't want to bring their cell phones to meetings.
April Fool's Day is a day when people play tricks on others. It's called april fool day.
Speaker1 can't catch up with his english teacher. He will have to take an additional course in an english school.
Speaker1 wants to know if anyone has seen coco.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at a picture of susan, a lawyer, and Matt, a man.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are congratulating each other on a promotion.
Speaker1 wants to know if she's going abroad to study.
Speaker2 overslept and is late again. His manager is in his office. He is mad at him for the last two times.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried that they might lose money on their stocks.
Ann invited Speaker1 and Speaker2 to dinner this Saturday afternoon. They will take a china vase.
Speaker1 wants to buy the cheaper one for the kitchen.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a good weekend.
Speaker2 is a doctor. Speaker1 is a bus driver.
Speaker1 doesn't want to go to the folk concert. Speaker2 likes travelling, swimming, going to the cinema, painting, sailing, watching football and talking to Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema tonight to see the new " twilight" movie.
Speaker2 is polite, careful, relaxed, relaxed and shy, but she loves going out and making new friends. She is always chatting with new people at a party.
Speaker1 wants to invite Bobbie and John to their party. Speaker2 doesn't want to invite them.
Speaker2 had two meetings back to back all morning. Mr. Thomas wants to see the profit statement for new project tomorrow morning.
Speaker2 sent Speaker1 a photo of his family before he was leaving for college.
Speaker2 can speak Japanese, but not very well. He has been learning it for three years at school.
Speaker1 and Mary met in the cafeteria. Speaker2 will never forget it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to hang out at noon, because it's too hot. Speaker1's skin is too weak to be exposed under the summer sun. Speaker2 doesn't have any sunscreen lotion, because he used all of it on the way over.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 bought two tickets for the flight to Paris. The man asked them where they want to go and they answered.
Speaker1 is leaving the office now. Speaker2 will type the letter.
Speaker2 likes spring the best season.
Speaker1's father isn't there. It's April Fool's Day today.
Speaker1 has booked an air ticket to Venice for a week.
Speaker1 will buy a new table cloth for Speaker2 to wash off the stain on his clothes.
Speaker2 is a happy married man. His wife and his wife understand each other. Mr. smith's wife wears the pants in the house.
Speaker1 says that the country is strong only in appearance.
Elaine Robinson is back from school. Speaker1 wants to take her out. Speaker2 doesn't want to take Elaine out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about Speaker2's decision to quit smoking.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a weekend camping trip. They want Jack to check his calendar.
The temperature is going to drop dramatically tonight. Speaker1 and Speaker2 should dress warmly.
Speaker2 didn't pass the english exam. He should read aloud every day and try to speak more.
Speaker1's answer for number 6 is c, 7 is a, 8 is a and 7 is b.
Speaker1 finds the man who is baking bread handsome.
Speaker1 is a foreign student at the university and needs to find a job to pay his rent next semester. The university doesn't have a job for him. It's illegal for him to work in America. Speaker1 will look for a part - time job in Chinatown.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a tour to Jiuzhaigou valley. Speaker1 will get fuji 200 film for taking photos of natural beauty.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet tomorrow at three o'clock in Speaker2's office.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about the age at which children start school in their country. Boys and girls go to school together. Some children go to university.
Speaker2 feels terrible after drinking too much last night with Trevor and Mike. They went to a couple of local bars and met up with some friends. It was Mikes birthday yesterday. They drank a lot and Speaker2 felt sick. He missed work today. Tonight is Tracy's going away party.
Speaker2 is stressed because she has a lot of work at the end of the year. She can't sleep, she doesn't have much of an appetite and her husband says she's been kind of short tempered.
Speaker2 met a great guy at the bar last night and they are going to meet again tonight. They have a lot in common, like the same teams, music, and chinese food.
Speaker1 has to go now, because his family is expecting him home soon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a restaurant last night. Speaker2 walked along the canal for a couple of miles yesterday evening. Speaker1 needs to move some furniture.
Speaker1 has a surprise for Speaker2.
Speaker1 doesn't like the movie. Speaker2 has already paid for the tickets. Speaker1 will listen to the music on the walkman.
Speaker1 has just come from China and wants to learn how to use the western library. Speaker2 will show him around the library at 3.30 this afternoon.
Speaker1 doesn't want Speaker2 to open any of his forwards, because he got a virus.
Speaker1 wants to know how often do you go to see your grandparents.
Speaker1 will buy ten golden lily flowers for his girlfriend. He will have them delivered to his girlfriend's house this afternoon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complaining about the amount of commercials on the tube. They are dissatisfied with the quality of the TV shows they are watching.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't like the woman who keeps spitting on the ground.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss Galileo's courage as a revolutionary.
Speaker2 didn't go to the bank to withdraw money because he had to do housework. His friend came for a visit and stayed for two hours. Speaker1 made a rule for the class that everyone brings a bilingual dictionary.
Speaker1 wants his uncle to lend him his new car. He has a date tonight.
Speaker1 and Betty are throwing a dinner party this weekend. Speaker2 will come, but he will be late.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with yesterday's weather. It's supposed to get cloudy and windy again this afternoon.
David lost his job. speaker1 heard it.
Speaker1 thinks you look very professional in the suit.
Mark is helpful and always bends over backward to help those who are in need of help. Speaker2 will introduce him to Speaker1.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 tipped the bellboy three dollars and the cab driver twenty-five percent of the total.
Thomas will lay the table for Speaker1 and Speaker2.
William's grandmother has cancer and has only a few weeks to live.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are waiting for the boss's pay raise today.
Speaker2 likes to dance sometimes if there is music playing.
Speaker2 is clipping coupons as a way to save money.
Speaker1 got Speaker2's message. He was out of town with femi.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would go on a date with Eric if he asked them out. If Speaker1 won the lottery, he would buy two tickets for a trip around the world.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the lantern festival. Speaker1 can't read the characters on the lanterns.
Speaker1 has put in his notice. He will look for a new job in the spring job market. He has been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and hasn't received a pay rise.
Speaker1 has a new assistant. Speaker2 wasn't impressed with her.
Speaker1 thinks the film is boring.
Speaker2 is a sales manager in a publishing company. The company publishes mostly fiction, romance, science fiction, biography, etc.
Speaker1 wants to know if she is planning on studying abroad. She is.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 both feel pity for the old man.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about their uncle bill and his wife and two daughters in New zealand. They are coming to visit Speaker1's family.
Speaker1 is worried that she will leave him tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like pop music very much.
Speaker1 has a magic love potion in a small bottle. If you put a few drops on someone's eyelids while he's asleep, he will fall in love with the first person he sees when he wakes up. Lucy will come to Speaker1 and Speaker2's house and stay over.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about who's ruining Speaker2's tv time.
Speaker1 is saying good - bye to everyone. His plane leaves at seven twenty - five.
Speaker2 came to see his aunt. She lives nearby.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on duty today. Speaker1 is going to sweep the floor. Speaker2 will clean the blackboard and the podium. They will wait for their teacher and classmates.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 think he deserved his gold. Speaker2 saw his last dive.
Speaker2 took a trip to San Diego for three days. He and his wife went shopping, went out to dinner and walked around the city with some friends. He took pictures of his wife and his daughter on the beach and at the train station. They didn't go to the zoo.
Speaker1 is interested in history. He enjoyed studying it at school, but he had trouble remembering the dates, so his teacher didn't give him good marks. Speaker2 wishes she had been his history teacher.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't complain about the weather recently.
Speaker1 has just come from the states and he's new in Beijing. He's confused about the time and wants to know the date.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 really enjoyed the film. The scene of the hero's struggle with enemies impressed them most.
Speaker1 got a letter from his high school buddy. Speaker2 has been out of touch with his old friends.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 both liked the film. Speaker1 thought it was disappointing.
John is very late and Speaker1 doesn't know if he's coming.
Speaker1 doesn't know why bucks have such a great charm but many people are after them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are fishing with worms for bait today. The fish seem to like them.
Speaker2's ankle is as right as a trivet. He should be careful next time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to mount tai to see the wall paintings and inscriptions left by the emperor on the mountain.
Speaker1 tells Cindy and Mary that their homeroom is 213.
Speaker2 is going to study economics at Chicago university for three years.
Someone is celebrating his 21st birthday in a bar. Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know him.
Speaker2 has adapted to the lifestyle in China. Some of his Chinese colleagues share their personal stories in front of others, which makes him uncomfortable.
Speaker1 has just come from China and is a graduate student here in mathematics. He will be here for five years. Speaker2 will show him around the library at 3:30 this afternoon.
Speaker2 lives in a furnished two-bedroom flat in a three - story building on campus. The rent is cheaper than private housing. The contract ends in June.
There is a serious flood in the south and Speaker2 has to cancel his traveling plan.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the topic of animal rights on TV.
Speaker1 wants to take a picture of Speaker2 and his little boy for a book.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are giving each other money bags to dab on their faces.
Mary had a date with John. She and John have a lot in common.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to a concert last weekend. Speaker1 enjoyed it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's plane leaves in 20 minutes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are moving to Florida. Speaker2 will help Speaker1 move the things to his wife's car.
Speaker2 has passed his towel test. His tutor, Speaker1, congratulated him.
Speaker2 didn't come to work yesterday because she had to take care of her son who has a fever.
Speaker1 says it's hot today.
Speaker1 wants to ask a girl in his company out, but he gets shy when she is around him. He will meet her at the bus stop.
Speaker1 has to leave as it's getting late.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the library. They will buy a newspaper and then go to thelibrary. Speaker2's brother is still sleeping.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how to improve work efficiency and get along with colleagues.
Speaker2 is going to graduate this summer. He will return to China.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a night club for dinner and dancing on New Year's Eve, then they will go to the city square for the big celebration. There will be a fireworks display by the local government.
Speaker1's name is mcdonald.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see a movie tomorrow. Speaker1 wants to see legally blonde. Speaker2 wants to watch "The Cube".
Speaker1 wants to register for a psychology class. There are two psychology classes left. There is one class on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 to 4 pm and the other one from 10-12 pm on Monday and Wednesday.
Speaker1 wants to know which season do you like best.
Speaker1 will cut Speaker2's hair short.
Speaker2 enjoyed his first day of school. He liked all the teachers, except for the math teacher. His english teacher was great. He will pass her class with flying colors.
Speaker1 will give Speaker2 a lift to work as he forgot to turn the alarm clock on.
Speaker2 is in a relationship with a man she met in college. She fell in love with John last summer.
Speaker1 wants to know how the system works.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't know the race of the bank robber.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the pop groups they like.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are accusing each other of stealing.
Tom Mitchum will come home with Speaker1 and Speaker2 for lunch tomorrow.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about old mc donald, who got married to his 84-year-old wife. He is her sixth husband.
Speaker1 wants to register for a mathematics course. He was supposed to register three weeks ago, but he had to pay a late fee. He didn't have his birth certificate. He will talk to the director about it.
Speaker2 didn't tell Speaker1 that he had a girlfriend and is going to marry her.
Speaker1 wants to make sure that his friends will give him a loan.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the cinema tonight. Speaker1 is going home to see a film. Speaker2 is going on holiday to the country for holidays.
Speaker1 has found an apartment in Haitian. He invited Speaker2 to a housewarming party on Saturday night. Speaker2 will bring some fold - up chairs for people.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the types of books they like to read. Speaker2 likes love stories. Speaker1's favorite book is history books.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy with the performance they did.
Speaker1 has a headache and a fever. Speaker2 will take his temperature with a thermometer.
Speaker1 is going to Paris. He wants to see some of the famous places like the eiffel tower, the seine river, the louvre museum and the night life.
Speaker1 doesn't like the shirt he was given by the seller.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a mozart and beethoven concert at the festival hall.
Speaker1 wants to know if someone took his money from the table.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the landscape of their countries. Speaker2's country is very flat, but there are some hills in the southeast. The coast of his country is varied.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing James. James has just got the sack.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a new teacher. Her hair is blond and her eyes are dark gray.
Mary's marriage is on the rocks. Speaker1 saw her husband have it out with her yesterday.
Speaker1 doesn't understand why Speaker2 always looks happy all the time. Speaker2 explains it's because he always exercises.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are shocked that the woman didn't call the police because her husband beat her.
Speaker1 will begin the class. Speaker2 will have five minutes of free talk in English.
Speaker2 moved to a multi - national corporation and is working there now.
Speaker1 came to know a girl 3 weeks ago and they have a lot in common. He might fall in love with her. She likes dogs and he likes jogging.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 advise Speaker2 to give up smoking. Speaker1 suggests putting the cancer sticks label on each pack of cigarettes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a look at what happened.
Speaker1 was invited to dinner by Speaker2. Speaker2 made a dish that Speaker1 liked.
Speaker2 fell asleep while reading. He will write a paper about the ancient civilizations of Mexico in cultural anthropology.
Speaker1 likes his debate class and is thinking about studying law later. He is also thinking about politics.
Speaker1 dared the girl to talk to that girl.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are feeling dizzy.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't met before, but they both work at ibm corporation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't want to lose face in front of their friends.
Speaker2 and her husband don't want to have any children as they are too expensive. Speaker1 has always wanted to have lots of children, but growing up with only one brother, he always felt a bit lonely. Speaker2 grew up in a big family, but he didn't miss having other people around him.
Speaker1 is late. He took the wrong bus.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a while. Speaker2 has been on holidays on holidays with her husband. They visited Bangkok, Hong Kong, China and Great Wall of China.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a new notebook.
There is a lot of crime in Speaker1's city. A lot of it is petty crime, burglary and car theft. Speaker2's city has a good drug rehabilitation programme.
Speaker1 wants to know why a person likes a computer.
Speaker2 needs to return a book and watch a video to the library.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing a game of golf on their own. They both have 16 handicap. The course used to have carts, but they got rid of them because of environmental concerns. One of the caddies fainted last week, so a member carried him back.
Speaker1 manages one of the ski lodges in Denver. He's been in Denver for about six years.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking at a map of the world as they prepare for a geography class. They are surprised by the number of countries marked on the map.
Speaker1 is having a little trouble understanding speaker1's accent.
Speaker1's favourite steps are waltz, rumba and tango. Speaker2 doesn't like tango, but he can dance it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have heard many stories about Speaker2's brother.
Jack got divorced last month. He cannot support his family now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are worried about Speaker2's health.
Speaker1 will always remember his college days. Speaker1 was planning to go to grad school, but he was offered a job in marketing. Speaker2 was also a college graduate.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are at Ashley's dinner party. Speaker1 will drink water. Speaker2 will have chicken, salad and rice.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are wondering how many days do they take off for Easter.
Mary didn't pass the final exam in physics. Her parents scolded her severely.
John dates her seven times a week. Speaker1 and Speaker2 think he's fallen for her.
Speaker1's uncle gave him a bicycle as a birthday present.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to buy a necklace as a birthday present for Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Kathy don't like traveling for pleasure.
Speaker1 and Jane are talking to each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are watching the first match of the world cup today. They don't like soccer.
Speaker2 often plays badminton with his parents. Speaker1 likes football and is a real man.
Speaker1 will take the signed add slip to the admissions and records office to add his class.
Speaker2 will come to Speaker1's birthday party on Sunday around six pm. She will help him with setting up.
Speaker1 wants to know if the speaker understood question three.
Speaker1 is not happy with his room. He got no sleep last night because of the loud traffic.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the weather in their city. It's hot in the summer and drier in the winter. There are thunderstorms every day in the afternoon. The river in Speaker1's city sometimes freezes over.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like summer as long as it's bright.
Speaker1 has just started working at ibm and is assigned to the sale department. Speaker2 has worked there for years and is vested in personnel file system.
Speaker1 is having a problem with his boss. Speaker2 advises him to ignore her.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss water pollution. They discuss the sources of water pollution and the prevention.
Speaker1 saw Bill yesterday with his favourite girl. Speaker2 has decided to go steady with her.
Speaker1 was trying to trick Speaker2, but he didn't fall for it. Speaker2 doesn't know a lot about coffee, even though he sells it.
Speaker1 uses an anti - virus program to protect his computer and also an anti- spyware program and a firewall. Speaker2 recommends a free anti- virus program.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like pop music very much.
Speaker2 is under a lot of pressure as his manager assigned him two projects and he has not finished them.
Speaker2 has a cold. It's been cold and windy recently. Speaker1 doesn't like the weather here, but he's got used to it now. Speaker2 is going to New York this autumn.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on edge about Jane's match.
Speaker1 will let Speaker2 know if he can do anything for Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are arguing about the middle - aged couple. They are both in their late sixties.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how to commemorate the centenary of the founding of the university. They suggest a big party for the professors and students, a firework display, a series of presentations, a book signing by famous professors and alumni, merchandise and a short film.
Speaker1 is impressed with Speaker2's knowledge of English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about Speaker2's name and his job.
Speaker1 is a new student in the school and he wants to introduce himself.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 advise Speaker2 to add a painting program to his software and upgrade his hardware.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to window-shop.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have bought a house together. They are going to spend a lot of money on furnishing and decorating it. They want to sell it, but Speaker2 likes it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for suggestions for what to do during the holidays.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't agree that cars should be banned in Taiwan. They think that people should use buses and trains instead.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to try their hand at the stocks.
Speaker1 wants to know what people think of the new mayor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to collect the tickets for 'Nut Croakers' tomorrow.
Speaker2 took pictures in the museum. Speaker1 will keep the camera and return it later.
Speaker2 didn't get the scholarship. He will have to try again next year.
Speaker1 wants to lose weight, but he doesn't know how to do it. Speaker1 never eats breakfast.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are confused about a set of 14 golf clubs.
John from head office had his car stolen while he was in the car. He pretended to have an epileptic fit to scare the thieves away.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking to each other about their learning English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 lost touch with most of the people they went to school with after they left university. They still see rose occasionally, but she got divorced.
Helen doesn't relate well to her husband.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have some fun at the weekend.
Bill failed the english exam again. It's April Fool's Day.
Speaker1 wants to know if you had a good holiday.
Speaker2 saw "Forrest Gump" the other day. He likes to watch movies, play computer games, read books, go shopping and play pool. His favorite game is Diablo. He goes jogging twice a week. Speaker1 is having a party on Saturday night at his house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a good time at Speaker2's party.
Speaker1 got flowers for his birthday from Mike and Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to sing karaoke with Tom.
Speaker1 can't complete his paper on time because of difficulties in the experiment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are surprised that Jenny divorced her french husband.
Speaker2 does her shopping in the supermarket near the station. She bought coffee and vegetables there.
Speaker2 is looking for a host home for half a year. He will have to do his own grocery shopping.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 don't understand why she always helps and supports her brother.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will look for what Speaker2 is looking for now.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to China for vacation. Speaker1 went to France last summer.
Speaker1 wants to take Jenny to dinner on Friday. Speaker2 has a class on Friday after work. On Saturday Speaker2's parents are coming to town. Speaker1 will take Jenny for dinner.
Speaker1 informs there is a typhoon coming.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the Taj restaurant for dinner tonight. They will bring their own bottle of wine.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went to the table tennis yesterday. Speaker2 loves Ma lin and he's Speaker1's favourite table tennis player. Speaker1 hasn't managed to get any tickets yet.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have chatted twice. Speaker2 is playing the piano for Speaker1 on speaker1's request.
Speaker1 is from California and Speaker2 is from the US.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 heard what she said to Speaker1.
Speaker2 lives alone in a flat near his work place. His family consists of three people: his parents, himself and himself.
Ben always appears rude to the people around him.
Speaker1 is glad to have had the opportunity to meet Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 agree that the olympic motto 'higher, faster and stronger' is better than ' friendship first and competition second' as it is more about participation.
Speaker1 is from a big family with seven children and Speaker2's parents have seven children. They have four children in their family and their grandparents can't get their names right.
Speaker1 wants to ask Speaker2 a personal question. Speaker2 is not married and is not planning to get married.
Speaker2 is going to the university of Tampa to do a postgraduate course for three years. He has a letter of acceptance from the university and a letter from his bank. He will get a visa for one year.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing the weather forecast for tomorrow. It's supposed to snow early tomorrow morning and then there's a chance of freezing rain. Speaker1 was going to drive to Birmingham to see some friends, but he should change his plans as the roads are slippery. Speaker2 has a class tomorrow afternoon.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the climate of the United States. San Diego is always warm. Seattle, Washington and Portland, Oregon are hot all year. Boston and Chicago are cold.
Speaker1 is angry at Speaker2 for being late.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker2 has been visiting his uncle in San Francisco recently. They will meet for a coffee in that cafe.
Speaker1 is fed up with larry and mary. He doesn't like their behaviour in the office. Bob is a great colleague.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are concerned about Speaker2's pale complexion recently.
Speaker1 warns speaker1 to watch his step as there is a hole in the sidewalk.
Little Bob has recovered after the operation.
Anthony has been living with his parents for 40 years. He is getting married for the first time. The bridesmaids look beautiful. The flower girl and ring bearer are the groom's niece and nephew.
Speaker1 is showing Speaker2 how to apply cpr in the case of cardiac arrest or pulmonary arrest.
Mr. Leo threw Sally out of class today because he caught her cheating.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are showing their uncle, Charles, who is a captain.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to the top of the emperor palace.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 had a good time together, but Speaker1 has to leave early.
Speaker2 has a fever and a bad headache. Speaker2 will see a doctor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker1's son Paul graduated as a doctor. Speaker2's daughter Pamela passed the bar exam and got married. They all attended her wedding in Mexico.
Speaker1 needs help preparing for his presentation on Friday. Speaker2 will help him tomorrow night. He will bring some information.
Speaker1 is angry and wants to kill someone.
Speaker1 wants to know how much should he pay for Speaker2.
John moved and held a party on July 1st. He's not coming back to school anymore. Speaker1 and Speaker2 can still call him and meet him on weekends.
Speaker1 went to rotes to buy a book about moths. He is thirsty, but he didn't get anything to drink at Edith's home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to drive to London by motorway. Speaker2's company car has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour.
Speaker1 will try to arrange a new bill for Speaker2 for the junior executive room for three nights.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are angry at Speaker2 for moving their flower pots.
Speaker2's steak is too raw. Speaker1 will return it to the kitchen and bring him one that is well cooked. Speaker2 will have another calsberg.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are getting a divorce. They have accepted the alimony proposal, the division of property and the custody agreement. Speaker2 will keep the gramophone and the silver tea set. They will also keep the old photographs.
Speaker2 blew the exam and doesn't want to talk to Speaker1.
Speaker2 is doing research on Roman civilization. Speaker1 has some books about ancient history in the library for him.
Speaker1 wants to know if he will ever work at that company again.
Speaker1 has five seats in the mezzanine for Saturday night. Speaker2 still has five in mezzanism.
Speaker1 wants to go to the show tonight, but the tickets are all sold out. Speaker2 has tickets for the matinee tomorrow at 3 pm.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going on a picnic. Speaker2 will bring her camera and films.
Speaker2 is going to set up his own law office. Speaker1 will help him.
Speaker1 can look anybody in the face because he hasn't done anything to make him feel guilty.
Speaker2 is doing research on Roman civilization. Speaker1 has some books about ancient history in the library for him.
Speaker1 regrets having a baby so early. Speaker2 has three sons and a grandson. She had to take care of them most of the time because her husband seldom stayed at home. If her family goes to america, she will have to care for the child all the time.
Speaker1 split up with Mike because he is a sagittarius and she is a cancer. She believes in astrology.
Speaker2's father is a worker. His mother is a mother.
Speaker2's birthday is on August 1st. His parents prepare dinner for him. He will have a birthday cake and sing " happy birthday" at the party.
Speaker1 is looking for a book about nursery rhymes in the children's section. Speaker2 is the librarian. Speaker1 doesn't have a library card. He needs to show his drivers license or utility bill to prove he's a resident of the state.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have to negotiate if Dave will come to work with them again.
Speaker1 brought her maternity clothes and Dave and Alice's baby clothes. Speaker2 has eight months to prepare.
Speaker2 got an acceptance letter from Ucla. Speaker1 is proud of him.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 would like to go abroad.
Speaker1 missed Jane's performance but didn't know about it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went shopping without an umbrella yesterday morning. It was raining cats and dogs in the afternoon.
Speaker2's garden is looking beautiful this summer. This afternoon, he will prune the hedge and cut off the lower branches on the tree.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are late. Speaker1's phone is disconnected. Speaker2's car didn't start, so he had to warm it up in the garage with a heater. The theater guild is supposed to call Speaker1 this evening to discuss a contract for his play. They are going to wait at Ann's house to talk with them.
Speaker1 wants to give Linda some sweets, but she doesn't want them.
Speaker1 is catching the 11:00 train and will say goodbye.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will watch a lecture on how to make stir-fried ginger beef on channel 26.
Speaker2's brother has gone ape over the girl for two weeks. His parents are worried.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a great time at the party. Speaker1 will introduce Speaker2 to some people he doesn't know.
Speaker1 is cooking for a Chinese guest. Speaker2 likes western cooking. He likes beefsteak and Chinese dishes.
Speaker1 will bring an add sheet next time. He will take it to the admissions and records office.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the environment issues in their countries. The biggest issue in Speaker2's country is water conservation. In Speaker1's country, water is rationed and they can only use a certain amount each month. air pollution is a big issue in his country.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting in Toronto. The flowers are for Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see "Final Destination 3" at the campus cinema tomorrow. Speaker1 loves horror movies. Speaker2 doesn't want to go.
Speaker2's name is Helen baker. She's from New Zealander. She works as a teacher.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are congratulating each other on the new house.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in love with joe.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a party. Speaker1 doesn't know the boy next to the telephone.
Speaker1 says all the soldiers in that country are armed to the teeth.
Speaker2's ankle is sore. Speaker1 will take him to the hospital for a treatment.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about their cousin Herbert's smile.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like summer the best.
Speaker1 wants to know where is Betty's boyfriend.
Paul and Susan are engaged. They will be married soon.
Speaker1 wants to know how Mary is doing.
Speaker2 was born on the 20th of May 1963 on the 27th day of the fourth month. The film will begin at 5:30.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on the beach, but it's been raining for two days. They have both caught colds.
Speaker1's boss has been giving him a lot to do at work.
Speaker1's uncle's motorcycle was stolen a few nights ago. The thieves were in a truck and convinced everybody that it was parked illegally and they were there to tow it away.
Speaker2 and his wife will come to Speaker1's place tomorrow afternoon for tea.
Speaker1's friend has been taking an online career planning course these days. He recommended Speaker2 to subscribe to it.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have toast and tea.
Speaker2 needs to copy some pages in his book. He will need to pay ten cents for every copy.
Speaker2 has been working for eight hours and is very tired. He will join Speaker1 and Speaker2 for a walk.
Speaker1 will introduce Simon and Linda to each other.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in New York. They are having a great time. They like the stores, museums and the shopping, but they hate the traffic. It's almost dinnertime, so they are going to eat at a restaurant.
Speaker1 has been busy this year, working late and taking work home.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to open up a surprise for Speaker1.
Speaker1 asks what would you like to drink.
Speaker2 went bankrupt and he's broke now.
Speaker1 has a class in a few minutes and has to prepare for it.
Speaker1's family came to visit him. His immediate family is his parents, his father, his two older brothers, his younger sister and his younger brother. He is the only child in the family. His younger brother is 10 years younger.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go to a concert instead of holding the party outside.
Speaker1 believes that every year the south has the floods. Speaker2 has other ideas.
Speaker1 wants to have a few friends over for a dinner party to celebrate his birthday. Speaker2 will come over to Speaker1's on Saturday around six or seven o'clock.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to see each other after school.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 invite Jane to dance with them. Speaker2 cannot dance.
Speaker2 doesn't have a favourite music composer. He listens to a lot of chopin.
Speaker2 met the girl living under him today. He is in a relationship with her. Other american guys have also fallen for her. He will call her and invite her to dinner.
John is interested in the project. He is his boss's son.
Speaker2 is feeling better today, but he coughed a lot in the evening. He needs smoking to keep himself awake.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's car was stolen by a man after they had put him up.
Speaker1 saw a movie about Mary last night. Speaker2 didn't like it.
Speaker1 wants to go to the fragrant hills in Beijing. Speaker2 has been to the hills a couple of times.
Tom and his wife divorced because he is addicted to gambling and spends all his time in the casino.
Speaker1 will see the professor tomorrow afternoon between two and four. His office is in the e building on the third floor.
Speaker2 has never gone bowling before. He wants to know more about it.
Speaker1 is told that cold blood has just finished its last cut.
Speaker2 tried windsurfing for a half - hour, but he couldn't stand on it and hold the sail, so he fell down fifty times. It cost him fifty dollars for half an hour.
Speaker1 wants to know about the girlfriend of speaker1.
Speaker1 will get Speaker2 a screwdriver on the rocks.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 apologize to each other for the error in the calculations.
Speaker2 didn't show up in the morning meeting. He worked overtime yesterday to double check some statistics and important documents. The boss told him he could come one hour later this morning.
Speaker2 will wait for Speaker1 at the gate of their flat. There is a sale at the shopping mall near their block.
Bob will company Speaker1 and Speaker2 to the ball.
Speaker1 has a new dress but Speaker2 thinks it's ugly.
Speaker2's parents are professors and managers. They often take him out.
Speaker2 did well on the math test. This time he sat by a math genius, who is a genius.
Speaker1 doesn't know whether to go to university or to get a job. His parents want him to take their advice. Speaker2 would major in English.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's uncle and aunt came to stay with them for a week. They didn't call them in advance.
Speaker1 wants to buy two tickets for tonight's concert. He wants two in row 6 and one in row 13.
Speaker2 found Speaker1's watch under the sofa, but it's not his. It's a present from his father.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are playing against hainan, the basketball team from no. 1 college. They are winning 27 to 26.
Speaker2 is a smoker. Her husband smokes 20 or more cigarettes a day. She had her first cigarette when she was 17.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 went hiking yesterday. They arrived at the park at 9 am and didn't leave until 3 pm.
Speaker1 doesn't know them but knows them.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having a bachelor party at a TV palace. Stanley, Speaker1's best man is going to treat everybody.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are complimenting on each other's looks. Speaker1 is impressed with Speaker2's new hat and earrings.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 met at Aaron's place last weekend. Speaker1 knocked Speaker2 over by accident.
Speaker1 has bought new furniture and redecorated the living room. He has also bought new curtains and a sofa.
A gang is shooting on the next street. Speaker1 and Speaker2 need to leave the place as soon as possible.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss the different sports that Asians, Africans and westerners are good at.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about a man who looks handsome and is married with two boys.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 seem to be lost. They will ask the policeman for help.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are nervous before the meeting. Vince can't afford any more troubleshooters and time is running out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to sing in the karaoke together.
Speaker2's new movie is a psychological thriller about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders. He plays the part of the detective. The feedback from the audience has been great. He didn't do his own stunts in the movie as his insurance company wouldn't let him.
Speaker1's company trip will have to be canceled because of the typhoon.
Speaker1 would like to meet Speaker2 again. Speaker2 will call Speaker1 next week.
Speaker1 is meeting some american friends next weekend and wants to practice speaking English with them.
Speaker2 would like to build his dream home himself. It would be spacious and located next to a park. He would have three bedrooms on a second floor with balconies on each, one main bedroom on the main floor with an attached en suite, one guest bathroom in the basement, one attached to the main bedroom and one upstairs. He doesn't like clutter.
Speaker2 would like to marry a handsome man and have two children, but Speaker1 would rather be a bachelor forever.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are planning a company retreat in the mountains in April for January.
Susan got married. Her marriage was a hole and corner affair.
Speaker1 quit his job as a chef and is looking for a new one. Speaker2 wants to open another restaurant with him as the head chef and manager. Giovanni agreed to it.
Speaker1 has just got sacked.
Speaker2 listens to music and reads in his spare time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are talking about the weather in Sam.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting Landy as a tourist.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't sit on the grass because the grass is wet, but they can sit on a bench near the tree.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are dissatisfied with the year - end benefits they got.
Speaker1 will get coffee for david and coffee for Mary.
Speaker1 has a surprise for Speaker2. He has sent him a card.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 won't have a pay rise.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go for a drive today, even though it's going to rain later.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are dancing a waltz. Speaker1 invites Speaker2 for the first dance. Speaker2 is not much of a dancer. He likes foxtrot and tango. Disco is his favorite.
Speaker2 is a nurse on the cancer ward at New York general hospital. She used to date Taylor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are discussing foreign films that won an Oscar in 1993.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are leaving for their mother.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are gossiping about the latest gossip. Alisan darling and Ad got hitched in vagas.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been on the bus for a long time. They have missed their stop.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 got some complaints from consumers yesterday. There are problems in their supervised goods.
Speaker1 will have to borrow it for a month. Speaker2 will sell it on ebay Taiwan.
Speaker2 is applying for a job as an accountant at abc company.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are allowed to check out at 14:00.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are happy that there is going to be a highway.
Speaker1 tells Speaker2 that he can't smoke in the room.
Fred has made the plan for April 28th. Speaker2 will explain the details of the plan now.
Speaker1 suggests roast beef and clear and cream soup for Speaker2.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to the information desk to get to seventieth street. Speaker1 wants to go for the northern line. Speaker2 tells him to go through the number eight to ticket barrier.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how to set up an email account on Yahoo.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting in Tianjin.
Speaker2 will get a flat with two bedrooms and a living room. He will get bonuses at the end of each year according to his achievements and 1% commission on all his sales. He can have Saturdays and Sundays off and a paid month vacation every year. He may work overtime.
Speaker1 has booked two rooms for ms white and Mr Webber from Wednesday the 25th to Saturday the 28th of September.
Speaker2 ordered dinner about forty minutes ago, but it hasn't been delivered yet. It's on its way to his room.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to take his time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in a botanical garden in the city. They are listening to the sound of nature.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss Chinese and Mexican liquors and wine.
Speaker1 wants to make a reservation for tomorrow, but the place is fully booked. He will make it for the 4th.
Francis from xyz company will meet with Speaker1 and Speaker2 on Tuesday afternoon from 2 pm to 4 pm to discuss a new project.
Speaker1 has roasted three different types of coffee beans: mocha, mandheling and santos. He has made his own special blend.
Speaker1 will go to the doctor. Speaker2 will make a chicken soup.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to make a miniskirt for her. She will get it three days later.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have to get up now or they will be late.
Speaker1 wants to have his bill. Speaker2 sent him $ 20 in all.
Speaker1 asks how to use the ticket machine. Speaker2 tells him to put his money in and press the button.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will sign a year - long contract. They have signed them before.
Speaker1 will send Speaker2 a free sample of the silk product for a trial order.
Speaker2 found Speaker1's watch under the sofa, but it's not his. It's a present from his father.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have a steak for their main course.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will have some fruit juice to start with. They will have a main course of meat, fish or red wine with meat. After dinner, they will go to a disco.
Speaker1 is looking for an unfurnished apartment near the oriental square. Speaker2 has a nice apartment located near the Oriental Square. Speaker1 will arrange a viewing after work tomorrow afternoon.
Speaker1 will spend two weeks with dad in his ambulance as an emt trainee and volunteer at the emergency room for one month. He will get a motorcycle.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't seen each other for a long time. Speaker1 has been busy studying for his school exams, which will begin next month. Speaker2's parents are both doing well.
Speaker1 is checking out of the hotel in room 103. His bill totals 3250 dollars. He will pay with an American Express card.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet at the gym in 20 minutes to go to the gym together.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will travel by sightseeing buses to see the city.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to eat dumplings and noodles at yuanyang pot.
Speaker1 wants to speak to frans smith, but he has the wrong number. He should call him in the accounts department.
Speaker2 is looking for a higher managerial position in the field of international marketing. He would like to work in Brussels. His last job showed that he has the talent to motivate people.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to ask his mom for more old pictures. His mom is angry that they sent e - mail wedding invitations.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to pay $200 together. Speaker2 will pay by check and Speaker1 by credit card.
Speaker1's bag was stolen half an hour ago when he was walking in the park.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a new employee. Speaker2 is interested in joining their company.
Speaker2 and his wife bought a new house. It is a three -bedroom detached house with a larger garden and a kitchen and dining room. They don't have a balcony. The area is nice and the neighbours are friendly.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 need to hurry up, because the bus leaves at half past six.
Speaker1 would like to remit 5000 dollars to his friend.
Speaker1 will go home next weekend to surprise his brother for his birthday.
Speaker1 will cook lamb chops for Speaker2 if he can get some from the butcher's.
Speaker2 is late for a meeting with Speaker1. He forgot to call and let him know.
Speaker1 gave Speaker2 an outline for their marketing strategy next year. Speaker2 was impressed with Speaker1's presentation.
Speaker1 wants to move his career in a new direction. Speaker2 will help him get the promotion he deserves.
Speaker2 failed his exams. His father, Speaker1, wants him to take a job and study more.
Speaker1 wants to know how to use an atm card.
Speaker1 wants to lose weight, but he doesn't know how to do it. Speaker1 never eats breakfast.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will meet on Friday afternoon to work on the financial report.
Speaker1 will take a photo of Speaker2. Speaker2 is in China on business.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's younger brother has a common cold. They will give him patulin for six pills per day and two after each meal.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are attending a class to prepare for interviews. Speaker1 has an interview tomorrow.
Mien sold his house last week. He will move to his new house tomorrow afternoon. The new people will move in the day after tomorrow. Jane will see mien today.
Speaker2 is a diabetic and is not allowed to eat spicy food.
Speaker2 will order a coke and fried zucchini. He will also order a cheeseburger and fries.
Speaker1's skirt is too tight and she wants to return it. She received it as a birthday present. Speaker2 will help her with the return.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 like the way the sky gets after it rains. Speaker1 wants it to rain today.
Speaker2 will bring Speaker1 a cup of coffee.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have a look at the car.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go swimming today.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are meeting at the airport. Speaker2 is tired after the long flight. Speaker1 will carry Speaker2's bags to the car. They have booked a room at the hotel.
Speaker1 and Speaker2's company, Turner interiors of Beijing, ordered some documents under their new l / c last month. They haven't arrived yet.
Speaker1 will take the subway to get to the Beijing railway station. He will take a bus or a taxi to get there.
Speaker1 will get a wet towel for Speaker2. Speaker2 will have orange juice and ice in his drink.
Speaker2 didn't go to school today. He wants to go to see a movie this weekend. He will be at school tomorrow.
Speaker2 stabbed the victim three times in the belly three times when he was trying to stop him from grabbing his bag.
Speaker2 is ill. He has a headache and a stomachache. Yesterday he ate some cake, ice cream and candy. He also ate three pieces of cake and three plates of ice-cream at a birthday party.
Speaker1 wants to know how to spell a parking meter.
Speaker1 wants to get to the olympic stadium. Speaker2 gives him directions.
Speaker2 would like to build his dream home himself. It would be spacious and located next to a park. He would have three bedrooms on a second floor with balconies on each, one main bedroom on the main floor with an attached en suite, a large living room and kitchen connected to each other, and three bathrooms. He wouldn't have a lot of clutter.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a variety of trousers to choose from. Speaker2 wants to buy one to match his shirt.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are late for work because the bus is running late. They don't like riding the bus.
Speaker1 doesn't know what activity his son should take part in. Speaker2 suggests drawing, dancing, swimming, etc.
Speaker1 had an interview last week, but he failed.
Speaker2 received his bachelor degree in business administration from suzhou university. He is currently studying finance at a training school.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to know the price of a single room for a single night.
Speaker1 wants to see the finished product by the end of next week.
Speaker1 would like to try on a double - breasted garment with no belt.
Speaker1 can't go to see mrs. brown with Speaker2 tomorrow morning, because his mother is ill.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in the office of the textile corporation. Speaker2 is in charge of the export business. Speaker1 wants to establish business relations with the corporation.
Speaker1 wants to see the hat. Speaker2 shows him the one next to it. It's a bonnet.
Speaker1 will show Anna how to dance.
Speaker1 and Mary haven't seen each other since their dinner with Mr. Lee last week. Speaker2 has been out of town for the last few days. They will meet for dinner at the new Italian restaurant this week.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 discuss how to improve work efficiency and get along with colleagues.
Speaker2 wants to go to Sydney for 17 days for 3 weeks for vacation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are having problems with the new computer software.
Speaker1's fax machine won't be working till tomorrow. He will use the one in Speaker2's office. He has just sent dozens of pages.
Speaker1 is looking for a white purse as a gift. Speaker2 sends him a shipment of several different styles of white purses. Speaker1 will take one of them.
Speaker1 will get a lift from Speaker2 in his car.
Speaker1 wants to subscribe to a fitness consultant magazine for six months for his wife. He sends his address to Speaker2.
Jack is going to make his annual speech. Speaker1 and Speaker2 will keep eating.
Speaker1 will receive a notice of unemployment insurance award letter. He will have to turn in a continued claim form every two weeks.
Speaker1 has been doing industry research and found out that the average salary for a position similar to his pays on average $ 2, 000 more per year than he is paid. Speaker2 is happy with his performance and wants to continue their woodworking relationship with him.
Speaker2's watch stopped working several hours ago. The watch's battery is worn down. The battery costs $ 50 and will last about 2 years.
Speaker1 wants to make reservations this week, so he wants to get brochures.
Speaker1 has given Julia a 2,000 yuan raise to her salary.
Speaker1 and albert will be in america for about a year. They need to furnish their house. They will go to an office supply store called office depot and a discount department store called K - mart or wal - mart.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going for a walk to get some exercise and do some shopping. They will go to the newsagent, the butcher, the office - license and the chemist on the way home. Speaker1 will not go into the mall.
There is a daily passenger ship to dalian. It arrives in dalian at 10:00 a.m. tomorrow. There are four ports to call at on its passage to qingdao.
Speaker1 has passed all of his exams and will have a pet dog. It will cost him about $ 50 a month.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in an outlet store. Speaker1 wants to buy children's clothes, winter clothes for his son and daughter, jeans and slippers.
Speaker2 is good at planning and managing his time. He is competent in this area. He works well under pressure.
Speaker1 is feeling a pain.
Speaker2 has received an engineers qualification certificate and a drivers license. He has two years of driving experience. He also has experience in computer operation, proficiency in microsoft windows, microsoft word and microsoft excel, visual c + +, c and delphi.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have both been doing well. Speaker2 is in school at Pcc.
Speaker2 can speak English and French. He used to work as an interpreter.
Speaker1 has some concerns about his new customer support representative, jason huntley. He doesn't have the best work ethic.
Speaker2 booked a standard room for 4 days for $ 79 a night for December 23rd. He will arrive around 3 pm. His reservation confirmation number is nb13579.
Speaker1 will give Nancy a message to Naomi's sister, Nancy.
Speaker1 wants to post a urgent letter to her friend in America.
Speaker1 has been waiting for a bus for 15 minutes. It should be here any minute now.
Speaker1 is looking for a shop where he can buy cigarettes and souvenirs. The shop sells both Chinese and foreign cigarettes. The men's room is at the end of the corridor.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will get in touch by the end of next week to make a final decision.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go sightseeing in Beijing tomorrow.
David is home late today. There is a new english teacher at David's school. She is young and blond with blue eyes.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will take the bus to the empire hotel.
Speaker2 will buy a new Chanel perfume for 55 dollars from Speaker1.
Speaker1 wants to know how to get to the post office.
Speaker1 has some problems with the form. Speaker2 helps him.
Speaker1 will buy a sony video camera for $250 from Speaker2.
Speaker2 informs Speaker1 that breakfast is served from 6:30 to 9:00 am in the dinning room.
Speaker2 would rather have a cup of coffee than tea.
Speaker1 doesn't like vegetables. She will have a small piece of chocolate cake for dessert if she eats all of her vegetables.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't allow Speaker2's claim that the material was damaged.
Speaker2 made a reservation from Hong Kong to Tampa on the first of September with a stopover in Houston. She will leave on the 12th of September and leave Houston on the 1st.
Speaker1 was stopped by Speaker2 on a away street.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to use a safety deposit box until May 20th.
Speaker2 is going to work at the polling place. He signed up for the job online.
Speaker1 has booked a room for two nights for 110 dollars per night. He will pay the bill by credit card.
Speaker1 needs Speaker2's help in selecting a foreign market to invest in. Speaker2 sends him import and export information.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to reach an agreement over the curfew. Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to be in the house by ten o'clock.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to stay for a few more days, but Speaker2 has to go to London for a meeting.
Speaker1 is looking for a gym to exercise in. Speaker2 sends him a link to a gym that is open around the clock every day of the week. Speaker1 will use it for free.
Speaker1 bought rice paper, 25 brushes, two boxes of oil color and 2 boxes of water color for $ 35, 50. Speaker2 is a teacher who teaches art. He does his shopping here once a week.
Speaker1 is going the wrong way to the museum. Speaker2 tells him to go back the way he came and take the second turn on the left. The museum is straight ahead. It's about fifteen minutes' walk. Speaker1 can take a bus or subway to get there.
Speaker2 likes Chinese food. Speaker1 likes American food.
Speaker1 has typed the report, filed the letters and checked the orders. He has also ordered the supplies.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are taking a bus to Santa Anita mall. They will get off at a bus stop in the mall parking lot.
Speaker2's apartment was robbed last week. The robber took $ 550.
Speaker1's company does all the routine services in the main service area. The vans are serviced regularly.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have been on the bus for a while and haven't gotten off yet. They might have missed their stop.
Speaker2 has failed his exams again. His father, Speaker1, wants him to go back to school and study.
Speaker1 will order a bottle of champagne, a lobster tail, a porterhouse and chocolate - covered strawberries with champagne for dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will put a few drops of essential oil in the bath water to relax.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to a resume writing workshop.
Someone stole Speaker2's handbag. His passport was in it. He will go to the local police station tomorrow morning to report it.
Speaker1 is looking for a place where he can exercise. Speaker2 informs him that the hotel has an exercise facility. The gym is located above the hotel. Speaker1 needs to take the elevator or stairs down one level to get to it. He needs his room key to open the door.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to climb Kiang Shan on the weekend.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to discuss home schooling their children over Sunday brunch.
Speaker2 has been promoted to president of the department. He was promoted thanks to the efforts of his superiors and colleagues.
Speaker1 wants to speak to Mr. Smith, but he's at the warehouse this morning.
Tom promised to cut the lung and repair the television. He also promised to help Johnny with his homework. He will try not to be late for dinner.
Speaker1 wants to buy some shares in the stock market. Speaker2 has never invested in the market before.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 talk about Tony, Emma and Steve.
Speaker2 witnessed a traffic accident in which two cars collided. A driver died instantly and the other one was badly hurt. A boy, Peter, was killed in the accident. One of the drivers was drunk.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 want to enter into business relations with John White's company. Speaker1's company has been in the export business of electronic products for more than twenty years.
Speaker1 is the director of human recourse department of the company. He is looking for an executive secretary with business background and good english skills.
Speaker1 and his date are going to Gramercy Tavern for a date.
Speaker1 has booked a room for the night of April 18th for one night. The hotel is fully booked on that night.
Speaker1 will show Mr. Smith around the factory tomorrow.
Speaker2 wants to buy a turtleneck sweater for his wife for her birthday tomorrow. He will buy it in size one.
Speaker2 wants to be a stewardess. She is calm under pressure and trained in first aid.
Speaker1 will get someone to phone michael caxton first thing in the morning to fix the wrong invoice.
Speaker1 offers Speaker2 a 10% discount on a blouse. Speaker2 is not interested.
Speaker1 wants to find out who is in charge of the construction project.
Speaker1 lost his train ticket. He will have to buy another one.
Speaker1 and his date are going to Gramercy Tavern for dinner. Speaker2 will make a reservation.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are on the phone. Speaker1 has to get off the phone now.
Speaker1 wants to fix the light in the corridor. Monica will help him with the ladder, but Speaker2 thinks they should call a repairman.
Speaker2 will check in two large suitcases and one box today. He will also check in his backpack and a camera tripod. The tripod is too long to fit in the gauge box for carry - on items.
Speaker1 lost his air ticket. He will have it reissued by the day after tomorrow. He has a copy of his lost ticket.
Speaker1 can't finish his steak.
Speaker1's printer is not working. It has a paper jam. He will try to get the paper out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 have a window table reserved for charles.
Speaker1 wants to buy a laptop computer for his daughter. Speaker2 suggests a 15 - inch pro mac for $ 2, 100. Speaker1 will pay for it with his visa and a box.
Speaker1 wants to take a picture of the paintings, but it's forbidden.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to help John Phillips with his training.
Speaker2 hasn't bought any new clothes for his vacation. He's going to travel light this time.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 can't increase salary this year.
Speaker1 recommends a seven-day tour to Australia to Speaker2. The trip costs $ 500.
Speaker1 will see the apartment on main street today at 6 pm. He will fill out an application form and bring it with him.
Speaker1 will lose his job as an investment adviser because of a mistake. He will move in with Speaker2 until he finds a new job.
Speaker1 wants to know if she is satisfied with the costume show in the street.
Speaker1 and paubler are going to study how to use computers.
Speaker1 is in a meeting. He will call Lucy back in 15 minutes.
Speaker1 wants to apply for a proof - reader in Li King's newspaper.
Speaker2 has just had some money sent from Germany in euros. The remittance has been successful.
Speaker1 wants Speaker2 to get up and get ready for school, but Speaker2 wants to sleep longer.
Speaker2 is looking for four or five rooms. The rent for the apartment is 150 a month.
Speaker1's mascara is waterproof, so she can wear it forever.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 haven't talked to each other for a while. Speaker2 will go to susan's wedding. Speaker1 will call her later.
Speaker2 got mugged on the street and he needs to go to the police station to report it.
Speaker2's toilet doesn't flush. Speaker1 will try it.
Speaker1 invites Speaker2 to have a seat. Speaker2 sends him a copy of his resume.
Speaker1 will peel the onions, wash the cabbage and chop the cabbage. His father is reading a newspaper on the couch. Daniel is staying with Ultraman.
Speaker2 works in a publishing house. His work is hard, but interesting.
Speaker1 can't get going on his computer until he gets a broadband hookup. He will bring his laptop to the lobby to use the computer lab in the lobby.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 got off the bus too early, so they have to walk.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are in the emergency ward of the friendship hospital at 68 Hu Nan road. The patient is very ill. Speaker2 will take him to the operating room. He will come to see him tomorrow.
Speaker2 will buy a red silk coat from Speaker1. He will also send one in black to Speaker1 by mail.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will go sightseeing to Tiananmen Square first.
Speaker1 and Bob Copeland are watching a race. Kimi rikknen is leading the pack with only four laps to go. Lewis hamilton tries to pass Rikknen, but he hits the wall. There is a yellow flag and the pace car is making its way onto the track. Fernando Alonso takes the lead.
Speaker1 bought some vases from Speaker2 yesterday. He will buy postcards, masks and chocolate for his girlfriend's birthday today.
Speaker2 wants to take some money out of her bank account. Speaker1 will help her.
The road ahead of Speaker1 and Speaker2 is blocked because of an accident.
Speaker1 has just received a call from Toronto. The calling number is 416 - 790 - 1256.
There was an accident on the freeway today. A truck flipped over on the 210. Two people were injured.
Speaker2 has a lot of practical experience in work as a chief advertisement designer. He believes teamwork is the key to success. He will listen and learn when he starts a new job.
Speaker1 will rent an automatic sedan for Speaker2.
Speaker1 is looking for cheap cashmere sweaters. Speaker2 sends him a link to an outlet that sells them.
Speaker1 offers Speaker2 to learn to tango donar for his church. Speaker2 is afraid of making a mistake.
Speaker1 is working on Christmas Eve. He had one or two glasses of eggnog tonight. He has a few christmas gifts in the back.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 will buy uncle Teddy a leather bag and an iguana for Christmas. They will also buy a gift for mom and dad and Uncle Teddy's gift.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to work in a multinational company. The language used in the company is mainly about English. Speaker2 was an english major in college.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to meet. Anne will bring the minutes of yesterday's management meeting and the materials handed out.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are trying to reach Peter, but he's not in.
Speaker1 is sorry about the mess he made.
Speaker1's friend is getting married on Saturday. Speaker2's friend and her fiance are getting a sewing machine as a wedding gift. They cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook. People sign their name on the notebook and they buy the item they want.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are looking for a buyer for a 1999 honda. The car has 6, 000 miles of highway mileage and a warranty of one month. The price is $ 5, 900. Speaker2 will take the car to a garage.
Speaker1 came to a Chinese restaurant for dinner. It was his first time to come to a chinese restaurant. He enjoyed the dinner.
Speaker1 and Speaker2 are going to have to re - evaluate some of the content for their promotional events in different venues. According to the demographic reports, Boston and Chicago consumers are different from each other.
Speaker1 will lend Speaker2 some of his records until Monday or Tuesday next week.
Speaker2 is going to Europe on business and needs to buy traveller's cheques. He will only be in mainland Europe. He'll buy 5,000 euros in 100 euro cheques in euros.
Speaker2 used to live on an industrial estate on the outskirts of New York, but they moved to this site.
Speaker1 wants to open a checking account. The minimum balance has to be $ 100. If Speaker1 doesn't meet that requirement, he will be fined.
Speaker1 is hungry and wants Speaker2 to buy him a burrito, but Speaker2 doesn't have any money. Speaker1 will get paid on Friday and he will pay him back.
Speaker2 would like to have a hamburger and a cup of coffee from room service. His room number is 402.
Speaker1 will get Speaker2 an aperitif. The bar has a signature drink.
Speaker1 has a big favor to ask Elizabeth. He needs to get it done by tomorrow afternoon, because he has to work overtime.
Speaker1 is checking out of his room. He will pay 6212 yuan with traveler's check. His luggage will be delivered to the airport by 4 o'clock.
Speaker1's computer is not running at the same speed as before. Speaker2 tells him to clean it up first.
Speaker1 wants to try the suit on.
Speaker1 had a busy day at work. He had to work straight through his lunch break. His boss gave him an option to go home early or take a long lunch break another day. He decided to wait. He got fired for being a few minutes late for the third time this week.
Speaker2 studied business administration and wants to work for a newspaper as a reporter.
Speaker1 will call a plumber to fix a leaking pipe in his wall today. There is mildew in the wall.
Speaker1 will have to go now.
Speaker1 doesn't feel good and asks Speaker2 for some pills for airsickness.
Speaker2 has a headache and has been living off painkillers for the past few days. He should get acupuncture treatment. He is scared of needles.
